2016年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2016 年 12 月大学英语六级真题（卷一）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions：For this part，you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on innovation/creation/invention. Your
essay should include the importance of innovation and measures to be taken to encourage
innovation/creation/invention. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
PartII Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B),C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It focuses on the efforts countries can make to deal with global warming.
B) It links the science of climate change to economic and policy issues.
C) It studies the impacts of global climate change on people’s lives.
D) It tries to predict the possible trends of global climate change.
2. A) It would be more costly to deal with its consequences than to avoid it.
B) It will take a long time before a consensus is reached on its impact.
C) It is the most pressing issue confronting all countries.
D) It is bound to cause endless disputes among nations.
3. A) The raising of people’s awareness.
B) The signing of a global agreement.
C) The cooperation among world major powers.
D) The transition to low-carbon energy systems.
4. A) Plan well in advance.
B) Adopt new technology.
C) Carry out more research on it.
D) Cut down energy consumption.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) When luck plays a role.
B) Whether practice makes perfect.
C) What determines success.
D) How important natural talent is.
6. A) It knocks at your door only once in a while.
B) It means being good at seizing opportunities.
C) It is something that no one can possibly create.
D) It comes naturally out of one’s self-confidence.
7. A) Practice is essential to becoming good at something.
B) One should always be ready to seize opportunities.
C) One must have natural talent to be successful.
D) Luck rarely contributes to a person’s success.
8. A) People who love what they do care little about money.
B) Being passionate about work can make one wealthy.
C) Putting time and effort into fun things is profitable.
D) People in need of money work hard automatically.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) A tall chimney.
B) A huge piece of rock.
C) The peak of a mountain.
D) The stump of a giant tree.
10. A) Human activity.
B) Chemical processes.
C) Wind and water.
D) Fire and fury.
11. A) It was built in ancient times.
B) It is a historical monument.
C) It was created by supernatural powers.
D) It is Indians’ sacred place for worship.
12. A) By killing the attacking bears.
B) By sheltering them in a cave.
C) By lifting them well above the ground.
D) By taking them to the top of a mountain.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They will pick up some souvenirs or gift items.
B) They will have their vehicles washed or serviced.
C) They will take advantage of the time to rest a while.
D) They will buy something from the convenience stores.
14.A) They may eventually drive one to bankruptcy.
B) They should be done away with altogether.
C) They are meant for the extremely wealthy.
D) They can bring only temporary pleasures.
15.A) Small daily savings can make a big difference in one’s life.
B) A vacation will be affordable if one saves 20 dollars a week.
C) Retirement savings should come first in one’s family budgeting.
D) A good way to socialize is to have daily lunch with one’s colleagues.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16.A) They are harmful to health.
B) They enrich our experience.
C) They are necessary in our lives.
D) They should be done away with.
17.A) They are anxious to free themselves from life’s troubles.
B) They feel too overwhelmed to deal with life’s problems.
C) They are exhausted even without doing any heavy work.
D) They feel stressed out even without any challenges in life.
18.A) They lessen our burdens.
B) They narrow our focus.

00:00
26:57



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
