2016年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2016 年 12 月大学英语六级考试（第 3 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on innovation. Your essay should include
the importance of creation and measures to be taken to encourage innovation. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
（本次六级考试全国共考了两套听力，第三套的听力就是前面两套中的一套，故不在这里重复）
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from
a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the center. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The tree people in the Lord of the Rings—the Ents---can get around by walking. But for real trees, it’s harder to
uproot. Because they’re literally rooted into the ground, they are unable to leave and go -26- .
When a tree first starts growing in a certain area, it’s likely that the -27- envelope—the temperature, humidity,
rainfall patterns and so on—suits it. Otherwise, it would be unable to grow from a seedling. But as it -28-, these
conditions may change and the area around it may no longer be suitable for its -29- .
When that happens, many trees like walnuts, oaks and pines, rely -30- on so-called “scatter hoarders,” such as
birds, to move their seeds to new localities. Many birds like to store food for the winter, which they -31- retrieve.
When the birds forget to retrieve their food---and they do sometimes—a seedling has a chance to grow. The bird
Clark’s nutcracker, for example, hides up to 100,000 seeds per year, up to 30 kilometers away from the seed source,
and has a very close symbiotic (共生的)relationship with several pine species, most 32 the whitebark pine.
As trees outgrow their ideal -33- in the face of climate change, these flying ecosystem engineers could be a big
help in -34- trees. It’s a solution for us—getting birds to do the work is cheap and effective—and it could give -35-
oaks and pines the option to truly “make like a tree and leave.”
A) ages B) breathing C) climatic D) elsewhere E) exclusively
F) forever G) fruitful H) habitats I) legacy J) notably
K) offspring L) replanting M) subsequently N) vulnerable O) withdraws
Section B
Directions: In this section，you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The American Workplace Is Broken. Here’s How We Can Start Fixing It.
[A] Americans are working longer and harder hours than ever before. 83% of workers say they’re stressed about
their jobs, nearly 50% say work-related stress is interfering with their sleep, and 60% use their smartphones to check
in with work outside of normal working hours. No wonder only 13% of employees worldwide feel engaged in their
occupation.
[B] Glimmers (少许)of hope, however, are beginning to emerge in this bruising environment: Americans are
becoming aware of the toll their jobs take on them, and employers are exploring ways to alleviate the harmful effects
of stress and overwork. Yet much more work remains to be done .To call stress an epidemic isn’t exaggeration. The
83% of American employees who are stressed about their jobs---up from 73% just a year before—say that poor
compensation and an unreasonable workload are their number-one sources of stress. And if you suspected that the
workplace had gotten more stressful than it was just a few decades ago, you’re right. Stress levels increased 18% for
women and 24% for men from 1983 to 2009. Stress is also starting earlier in life, with some data suggesting that
today’s teens are even more stressed than adults.
[C] Stress is taking a significant toll on our health, and the collective public health cost may be enormous.
Occupational stress increases the risk of heart attack and diabetes, accelerates the aging process, decreases longevity,
and contributes to depression and anxiety, among numerous other negative health outcomes. Overall, stress-related
health problems account for up to 90% of hospital visits, many of them preventable. Your job is “literally killing you,”
as The Washington Post put it. It’s also hurting our relationships. Working parents say they feel stressed, tired, rushed
and short on quality time with their children, friends and partners.
[D] Seven in ten workers say they struggle to maintain work-life balance. As technology (and with it, work emails)
seeps (渗入)into every aspect of our lives, work-life balance has become an almost meaningless term. Add a rapidly
changing economy and an uncertain future to this 24/7 connectivity, and you’ve got a recipe for overwork, according
to Phyllis Moen. “There’s rising work demand coupled with the insecurity of mergers, takeovers, downsizing and
other factors，”Moen said. “Part of the work-life issue has to talk about uncertainty about the future.”
[E] These factors have converged to create an increasingly impossible situation with many employees
overworking to the point of burnout. It’s not only unsustainable for workers, but also for the companies that employ
them. Science has shown a clear correlation between high stress levels in workers and absenteeism (旷工)，reduced
productivity, disengagement and high turnover. Too many workplace policies effectively prohibit employees from
developing a healthy work-life balance by barring them from taking time off, even when they need it most.
[F] The U.S. trails far behind every wealthy nation and many developing ones that have family-friendly work
policies including paid parental leave, paid sick days and breast-feeding support, according to a 2007 study. The U.S.
is also the only advanced economy that does not guarantee workers paid vacation time, and it’s one of only two
countries in the world that does not offer guaranteed paid maternity leave. But even when employees are given paid
time off, workplace norms and expectations that pressure them to overwork often prevent them from taking it. Full-
time employees who do have paid vacation days only use half of them on average.
[G] Our modem workplaces also operate based on outdated time constraints. The practice of clocking in for an
eight-hour workday is a leftover from the days of the Industrial Revolution, as reflected in the then-popular saying,
“Eight hours labor, eight hours recreation, eight hours rest.”
[H] We’ve held on to this workday structure—but thanks to our digital devices, many employees never really
clock out. Today, the average American spends 8.8 hours at work daily, and the majority of working professionals
spend additional hours checking in with work during evenings, weekends and even vacations. The problem isn’t the
technology itself, but that the technology is being used to create more flexibility for the employer rather than the
employee. In a competitive work environment, employers are able to use technology to demand more from their
employees rather than motivating workers with flexibility that benefits them.
[I] In a study published last year, psychologists coined the term “workplace telepressure” to describe an
employee’s urge to immediately respond to emails and engage in obsessive thoughts about returning an email to
one’s boss, colleagues or clients. The researchers found that telepressure is a major cause of stress at work, which
over time contributes to physical and mental burnout. Of the 300 employees participating in the study, those who
experienced high levels of telepressure were more likely to agree with statements assessing burnout, like “I’ve no
energy for going to work in the morning,” and to report feeling fatigued and unfocused. Telepressure was also
correlated with sleeping poorly and missing work.
[J] Harvard Business School professor Leslie Perlow explains that when people feel the pressure to be always
“on,” they find ways to accommodate that pressure, including altering their schedules, work habits and interactions
with family and friends. Perlow calls this vicious cycle the “cycle of responsiveness”: Once bosses and colleagues
experience an employee’s increased responsiveness, they increase their demands on the employee’s time. And
because a failure to accept these increased demands indicates a lack of commitment to one’s work, the employee
complies.
[K] To address skyrocketing employee stress levels, many companies have implemented workplace wellness
programs, partnering with health care providers that have created programs to promote employee health and well-
being. Some research does suggest that these programs hold promise. A study of employees at health insurance
provider Aetna revealed that roughly one quarter of those taking in-office yoga and mindfulness classes reported a
28% reduction in their stress levels and a 20% improvement in sleep quality. These less-stressed workers gained an
average of 62 minutes per week of productivity. While yoga and meditation (静思)are scientifically proven to reduce
stress levels, these programs do little to target the root causes of burnout and disengagement. The conditions creating
the stress are long hours, unrealistic demands and deadlines, and work-life conflict.
安装App
生词本
