2016年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2016 年 6 月大学英语六级第 1 套真题
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on living in the virtual world. Tryto
imagine what will happen when people spend more and more time in the virtual world instead ofinteracting in the real
world. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the center.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Project organizer. B) Public relations officer.
C) Marketing manager. D) Market research consultant.
2. A) Quantitative advertising research. B) Questionnaire design.
C) Research methodology. D) Interviewer training.
3. A) They are intensive studies of people’s spending habits.
B) They examine relations between producers and customers.
C) They look for new and effective ways to promote products.
D) They study trends or customer satisfaction over a long period.
4. A) The lack of promotion opportunity. B) Checking charts and tables.
C) Designing questionnaires. D) The persistent intensity.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) His view on Canadian universities.
B) His understanding of higher education.
C) His suggestions for improvements in higher education.
D) His complaint about bureaucracy in American universities.
6. A) It is well designed. B) It is rather inflexible.
C) It varies among universities. D) It has undergone great changes.
7. A) The United States and Canada can learn from each other.
B) Public universities are often superior to private universities.
C) Everyone should be given equal access to higher education.
D) Private schools work more efficiently than public institutions.
8. A) University systems vary from country to country.
B) Efficiency is essential to university management.
C) It is hard to say which is better, a public university or a private one.
D) Many private universities in the US are actually large bureaucracies.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the center.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Government’s role in resolving an economic crisis.
B) The worsening real wage situation around the world.
C) Indications of economic recovery in the United States.
D) The impact of the current economic crisis on people’s life.
10. A) They will feel less pressure to raise employees’ wages.
B) They will feel free to choose the most suitable employees.
C) They will feel inclined to expand their business operations.
D) They will feel more confident in competing with their rivals.
11. A) Employees and companies cooperate to pull through the economic crisis.
B) Government and companies join hands to create jobs for the unemployed.
C) Employees work shorter hours to avoid layoffs.
D) Team work will be encouraged in companies.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Whether memory supplements work. B) Whether herbal medicine works wonders.
C) Whether exercise enhances one’s memory. D) Whether a magic memory promises success.
13. A) They help the elderly more than the young. B) They are beneficial in one way or another.
C) They generally do not have side effects. D) They are not based on real science.
14. A) They are available at most country fairs. B) They are taken in relatively high dosage.
C) They are collected or grown by farmers. D) They are prescribed by trained practitioners.
15. A) They have often proved to be as helpful as doing mental exercise.
B) Taking them with other medications might entail unnecessary risks.
C) Their effect lasts only a short time.
D) Many have benefited from them.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet with a single line through the
center.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) How catastrophic natural disasters turn out to be to developing nations.
B) How the World Meteorological Organization studies natural disasters.
C) How powerless humans appear to be in face of natural disasters.
D) How the negative impacts of natural disasters can be reduced.
17. A) By training rescue teams for emergencies. B) By taking steps to prepare people for them.
C) By changing people’s views of nature. D) By relocating people to safer places.
18. A) How preventive action can reduce the loss of life.
B) How courageous Cubans are in face of disasters.
C) How Cubans suffer from tropical storms.
D) How destructive tropical storms can be.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Pay back their loans to the American government.
B) Provide loans to those in severe financial difficulty.
C) Contribute more to the goal of a wider recovery.
D) Speed up their recovery from the housing bubble.
20. A) Some banks may have to merge with others.
B) Many smaller regional banks are going to fail.
C) It will be hard for banks to provide more loans.
D) Many banks will have to lay off some employees.
21. A) It will work closely with the government.

00:00
28:23



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
