2016年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2016 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题 （第三套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the use of robots. Try to imagine what
will happen when more and more robots take the place of human beings in industry as well as people’s daily lives.
You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer. from the four choices marked A), B),C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is advertising electronic products. B) It is planning to tour East Asia.
C) It is sponsoring a TV programme. D) It is giving performances in town.
2. A) 20,000 pounds. B) 12,000 pounds.
C) Less than 20,000 pounds. D) Less than 12,000 pounds.
3. A) A lot of good publicity. B) Talented artists to work for it.
C) Long-term investments. D) A decrease in production costs.
4. A) Promise long-term cooperation with the Company.
B) Explain frankly their own current financial situation.
C) Pay for the printing of the performance programme.
D) Bear the cost of publicising the Company's performance.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He has been seeing doctors and counsellors. B) He has found a new way to train his voice.
C) He was caught abusing drugs. D) He might give up concert tours.
6. A) Singers may become addicted to it. B) It helps singers warm themselves up.
C) Singers use it to stay away from colds. D) It can do harm to singers' vocal chords.
7. A) They are eager to become famous. B) Many lack professional training.
C) Few will become successful. D) They live a glamorous life.
8. A) Harm to singers done by smoky atmospheres. B) Side effects of some common drugs.
C) Voice problems among pop singers. D) Hardships experienced by many young singers.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It has not been very successful. B) It has long become a new trend.
C) It has met with strong resistance. D) It has attracted a lot of users.
10. A) It saves time. B) It increases parking capacity.
C) It ensures drivers' safety. D) It reduces car damage.
11. A) Collect money and help new users. B) Maintain the automated system.
C) Stay alert to any emergency. D) Walk around and guard against car theft.
12. A) They will vary with the size of vehicles. B) They will be discountable to regular customers.
C) They will be lower than conventional parking. D) They will be reduced if paid in cash.
Passage Two
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They do not know any solution. B) They do not give up drunk driving.
C) They do not behave in public places. D) They do not admit being alcohol addicts.
14. A) To stop them from fighting back. B) To thank them for their hospitality.
C) To teach them the European lifestyle. D) To relieve their pains and sufferings.
15. A) Without intervention they will be a headache to the nation.
B) With support they can be brought back to a normal life.
C) They readily respond to medical treatment.
D) They pose a serious threat to social stability.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A),B),C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Recording One
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) To award them for their hard work. B) To build common views.
C) To bring in business projects. D) To vote for action.
17. A) Recovering from the Great Recession. B) Creating jobs and boosting the economy.
C) Rewarding innovative businesses. D) Launching economic campaigns.
18. A) Talking over paying off deficit. B) Increasing the number of middle class.
C) Controlling the impact on education. D) Planning to reduce energy consumption.

00:00
26:23



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
