2017年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2017 年 5 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend college at home or abroad, write an essay to
state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension
说明：2017 年 6 月大学英语六级真题全国共考了两套听力。本套（即第三套）的听力材料与第一套完全一样，
只是选项的顺序不同而已，故本套不再重复给出。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Let's all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says that those who can't seem to keep their
inner monologues ( 独 白 ) in are actually more likely to stay on task, remain __26__ better and show improved
perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.
According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology by
professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the act of using verbal clues to __27__ mental pictures helps people
function quicker.
In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty __28__ and asked them to find just one of
those, a banana. Half were __29__ to repeat out loud what they were looking for and the other half kept their lips
__30__. Those who talked to themselves found the banana slightly faster than those who didn't, the researchers say.
In other experiments, Lupyan and Swignley found that __31__ the name of a common product when on the hunt for it
helped quicken someone's pace, but talking about uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.
Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task helps children learn, although doing so
when you've __32__ matured is not a great sign of __33__. The two professors hope to refute that idea, __34__ that
just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults can benefit from using language not just to communicate,
but also to help "augment thinking".
Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and, whatever you do, keep the
information you share simple, like a grocery list. At any __35__, there's still such a thing as too much information.
A) apparently B) arrogance C) brilliance D) claiming E) dedicated F) focused G) incur H) instructed
I) obscurely J) sealed K) spectators L) trigger M) uttering N) volume O) volunteers
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Rich Children and Poor Ones Are Raised Very Differently
A) The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more different than ever before.
B) Well-off families are ruled by calendars, with children enrolled in ballet, soccer and after-school programs,
according to a new Pew Research Center survey. There are usually two parents, who spend a lot of time reading to
children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules.
C) In poor families, meanwhile, children tend to spend their time at home or with extended family. They are more
likely to grow up in neighborhoods that their parents say aren't great for raising children, and their parents worry
about them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law.
D) The class differences in child rearing are growing—a symptom of widening inequality with far-reaching
consequences. Different upbringings set children on different paths and can deepen socioeconomic divisions,
especially because education is strongly linked to earnings. Children grow up learning the skills to succeed in their
socioeconomic stratum (阶层), but not necessarily others.
E) "Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children's long-term social, emotional and cognitive
development," said Sean Reardon, professor of poverty and inequality in education at Stanford University. "And
because those influence educational success and later earnings, early childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow."
The cycle continues: Poorer parents have less time and fewer resources to invest in their children, which can leave
children less prepared for school and work, which leads to lower earnings.
F) American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report and past research have found: for them to
be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, caring and compassionate. There is no best parenting style or philosophy,
researchers say, and across income groups, 92% of parents say they are doing a good job at raising their children. Yet
they are doing it quite differently. Middle-class and higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of
careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau, whose groundbreaking research on the topic was published in her book
Unequal Childhoods: Class, Race and Family Life. They try to develop their skills through close supervision and
organized activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite institutions.
G) Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally thrive, and give them far greater
independence and time for free play. They are taught to be compliant and respectful to adults. There are benefits to
both approaches. Working-class children are happier, more independent, complain less and are closer with family
members, Ms. Lareau found. Higher-income children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to
solve their problems. Yet later on, the more affluent children end up in college and on the way to the middle class,
while working-class children tend to struggle. Children from higher-income families are likely to have the skills to
navigate bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms. Lareau said.
H) "Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely," she said. "Do some strategies give children
more advantages than others in institutions? Probably they do. Will parents be damaging children if they have one
fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it."
I) Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income parents have less money to spend on music
class or preschool, and less flexible schedules to take children to museums or attend school events. Extracurricular
activities reflect the differences in child rearing in the Pew survey, which was of a nationally representative sample of
1,807 parents. Of families earning more than $75,000 a year, 84% say their children have participated in organized
sports over the past year, 64% have done volunteer work and 62% have taken lessons in music, dance or art. Of
families earning less than $30,000, 59% of children have done sports, 37% have volunteered and 41% have taken
arts classes.
J) Especially in affluent families, children start young. Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate parents enrolled
their children in arts classes before they were 5, compared with one-fifth of low-income, less- educated parents.
Nonetheless, 20% of well-off parents say their children's schedules are too hectic, compared with 8% of poorer
parents.
K) Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives children bigger vocabularies and better reading
comprehension in school. 71% of parents with a college degree say they do it every day, compared with 33% of those
with a high school diploma or less. White parents are more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are
married parents. Most affluent parents enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are
more likely to depend on family members. Discipline techniques vary by education level: 8% of those with a
postgraduate degree say they often beat their children, compared with 22% of those with a high school degree or less.
L) The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents' attitudes toward education do not seem to
reflect their own educational background as much as a belief in the importance of education for upward mobility.
Most American parents say they are not concerned about their children's grades as long as they work hard. But 50%
of poor parents say it is extremely important to them that their children earn a college degree, compared with 39% of
安装App
生词本
