2017年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2017 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
（请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying "Help others, and you
will be helped when you are in need " You can cite examples to illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30minutes)
说明：由于 2017 年 12 月六级考试全国共考了 2 套听力，本套真题听力与前 2 套内容完全一样，只是顺序不一
样，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list
of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices.
Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Question 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Many European countries have been making the shift to electric vehicles and Germany has just stated that they plan to
ban the sale of vehicles using gasoline and diesel as fuel by 2030. The country is also planning to reduce its carbon footprint
by 80-95% by 2050, ___26___ a shift to green energy in the country. Effectively, the ban will include the registration of
new cars in the country as they will not allow any gasoline ___27___ vehicle to be registered after 2030.
Part of the reason this ban is being discussed and ___28___ is because energy officials see that they will not reach their
emissions goals by 2050 if they do not ___29___ a large portion of vehicle emissions. The country is still ___30___ that it
will meet its emissions goals, like reducing emissions by 40% by 2020, but the ___31___ of electric cars in the country has
not occurred as fast as expected.
Other efforts to increase the use of electric vehicles include plans to build over 1 million hybrid and electric car battery
charging stations across the country. By 2030, Germany plans on having over 6 million charging stations ___32___.
According to the International Business Times, electric car sales are expected to increase as Volkswagen is still recovering
from its emissions scandal.
There are ___33___ around 155,000 registered hybrid and electric vehicles on German roads, dwarfed by the 45
million gasoline and diesel cars driving there now. As countries continue setting goals of reducing emissions, greater steps
need to be taken to have a ___34___ effect on the surrounding environment. While the efforts are certainly not ___35___,
the results of such bans will likely only start to be seen by generations down the line, bettering the world for the future.
A) acceptance I) incidentally
B) currently J) installed
C) disrupting K) noticeable
D) eliminate L) powered
E) exhaust M) restoration
F) futile N) skeptical
G) hopeful O) sparking
H) implemented
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a
paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Apple’s Stance Highlights a More Confrontational Teach Industry
A) The battle between Apple and law enforcement officials over unlocking a terrorist’s smartphone is the culmination
of a slow turning of the tables between the technology industry and the United States government.
B) After revelations by the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J. Snowden in 2013 that the
government both cozied up to (讨好 ) certain tech companies and hacked into others to gain access to private data on an
enormous scale, tech giants began to recognize the United States government as a hostile actor. But if the confrontation has
crystallized in this latest battle, it may already be heading toward a predictable conclusion: In the long run, the tech
companies are destined to emerge victorious.
C) It may not seem that way at the moment. On the one side, you have the United States government’s mighty legal
and security apparatus fighting for data of the most sympathetic sort: the secrets buried in a dead mass murderer’s
phone. The action stems from a federal court order issued on Tuesday requiring Apple to help the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (F.B.I) to unlock an iPhone used by one of the two attackers who killed 14 people in San Bernardino,
California, in December.
D) In the other corner is the world’s most valuable company, whose chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, has said he will
appeal the court’s order. Apple argues that it is fighting to preserve a principle that most of us who are addicted to our
smartphones can defend: Weaken a single iPhone so that its contents can be viewed by the American government and you
risk weakening all iPhones for any government intruder, anywhere.
E) There will probably be months of legal tussling, and it is not at all clear which side will prevail in court, nor in the
battle for public opinion and legislative favor. Yet underlying all of this is a simple dynamic: Apple, Google, Facebook and
other companies hold most of the cards in this confrontation. They have our data, and their businesses depend on the global
public’s collective belief that they will do everything they can to protect that data.
F) Any crack in that front could be fatal for tech companies that must operate worldwide. If Apple is forced to open up
an iPhone for an American law enforcement investigation, what is to prevent it from doing so for a request from the Chinese
or the Iranians? If Apple is forced to write code that lets the F.B.I. get into the Phone 5c used by Syed Rizwan Farook, the
male attacker in the San Bernardino attack, who would be responsible if some hacker got hold of that code and broke into
its other devices?
G) Apple’s stance on these issues emerged post-Snowden, when the company started putting in place a series of
technologies that, by default, make use of encryption to limit access to people’s data. More than that, Apple - and, in
different ways, other tech companies, including Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft - have made their opposition to
the government’s claims a point of corporate pride.
H) Appl’s emerging global brand is privacy; it has staked its corporate reputation, not to mention the investment of
considerable technical and financial resources, on limiting the sort of mass surveillance that was uncovered by Mr.
Snowden. So now, for many cases involving governmental intrusions into data, once-lonely privacy advocates find
themselves fighting alongside the most powerful company in the world.
I) “A comparison point is in the 1990s battles over encryption,” said Kurt Opsahl, general counsel of the Electronic
Frontier Foundation, a privacy watchdog group. “Then you had a few companies involved, but not one of the largest
companies in the world coming out with a lengthy and impassioned post, like we saw yesterday from Tim Cook. Its profile
has really been raised.”
J) Apple and other tech companies hold another ace: the technical means to keep making their devices more and more
inaccessible. Note that Apple’s public opposition to the government’s request is itself a hindrance to mass government
intrusion. And to get at the contents of a single iPhone, the government says it needs a court order and Apple’s help to write
new code; in earlier versions of the iPhone, ones that were created before Apple found religion on (热衷于) privacy, the
F.B.I. may have been able to break into the device by itself.
K) You can expect that noose (束缚) to continue to tighten. Experts said that whether or not Apple loses this specific
case, measures that it could put into place in the future will almost certainly be able to further limit the government’s reach.
L) That’s not to say that the outcome of the San Bernardino case is insignificant. As Apple and several security experts
have argued, an order compelling Apple to write software that gives the F.B.I. access to the iPhone in question would
安装App
生词本
