2017年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












第 1 页 共 10 页
2017 年 6 月大学英语六级真题试卷一
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in science or humanities at
college
， write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Doing enjoyable work.
C) Earning a competitive salary.
B) Having friendly colleagues.
D) Working for supportive bosses.
2. A) 31%. B) 20%. C) 25%. D) 73%.
3. A) Those of a small size.
B) Those run by women.
C) Those that are well managed.
D) Those full of skilled workers.
4. A) They can hop from job to job easily.
B) They can win recognition of their work.
C) They can better balance work and life.
D) They can take on more than one job.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is a book of European history. B) It is an introduction to music.
C) It is about the city of Bruges. D) It is a collection of photos.
6. A) When painting the concert hall of Bruges.
B) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city.
C) When taking pictures for a concert catalogue.
D) When writing about Belgium’s coastal regions.
7. A) The entire European coastline will be submerged.
B) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely.
第 2 页 共 10 页
C) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted.
D)The major European scenic spots will disappear.
8. A) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted.
B) People cannot get around without using boats.
C) It attracts large numbers of tourists from home and abroad.
D) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question
， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They make careful preparations beforehand.
B) They take too many irrelevant factors into account.
C) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat.
D) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wrong foot.
10. A) A person’s nervous system is more complicated than imagined.
B)Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves.
C) Mental images often interfere with athletes’ performance.
D) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing.
11. A) Anticipate possible problems.
B) Make a list of do’s and don’ts.
C) Picture themselves succeeding.
D) Try to appear more professional.
12. A) She wore a designer dress. B) She won her first jury trial.
C) She did not speak loud enough. D) She presented moving pictures.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved.
B)Its health benefits have been overestimated.
C) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer.
D) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner.
14. A) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood.

00:00
26:47



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
