2017年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2017 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
（请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying "Seek to understand
others, and you will be understood " You can cite examples to illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200.
Part II Listening comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B) ,C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A)Say a few words to thank the speaker.
B)Introduce the speaker to the audience.
C) Give a lecture on the history of the town.
D)Host a talk on how to give a good speech.
2. A)He was the founder of the local history society.
B) He has worked with Miss Bligh for 20 years.
C) He has published a book on public speaking.
D) He joined the local history society when young.
3. A) She was obviously better at talking than writing.
B) She had a good knowledge of the town’s history.
C).Her speech was so funny as to amuse the audience.
D).Her ancestors came to the town in the 18th century
4 . A) He read exactly what was written in his notes.
B) He kept forgetting what he was going to say.
C) He made an embarrassing remark.
D) He was too nervous to speak up.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A)What their retailers demand.
B)What their rivals are doing.
C)How they are going to beat their rivals.
D)How dramatically the market is changing.
6. A)They should be taken seriously.
B)They are rapidly catching up.
C)How they are going to beat their rivals.
D)How dramatically the market is changing.
7. A)She had given it to Tom.
B)It simply made her go frantic.
C)She had not seen it yet.
D)It was not much of a big concern.
8. A)Restructuring the whole company.
B)Employing more forwarding agents.
C)Promoting cooperation with Jayal Motors.
D)Exporting their motorbikes to Indonesia.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions.
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A), B) ,C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A)It makes claims in conflict with the existing research.
B) It focuses on the link between bedtime and nutrition.
C) It cautions against the overuse of coffee and alcohol.
D) It shows that “night owls” work much less efficiently.
10. A)They pay greater attention to food choice.
B) They tend to achieve less than their peers.
C) They run a higher risk of gaining weight.
D) They stand a greater chance to fall sick.
11. A)Get up late.
B)Sleep 8 hours a day.
C)Exercise more.
D)Go to bed earlier.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A )All of the acting nominees are white.
B) It has got too much publicity on TV.
C)It is prejudiced against foreign films.
D)Only 7% of the nominees are female.
13. A)22 percent of movie directors were people of color.
B)Half of the TV programs were ethnically balanced.
C)Only one-fifth of TV shows had black characters.
D)Only 3.4 percent of film directors were women.
14. A)Non-white males.
B)Program creators.
C)Females of color over 40.
D)Asian speaking characters .
15. A)They constitute 17% of Hollywood movie characters.
B) They are most underrepresented across TV and film.
C) They contribute little to the U.S. film industry.
D) They account for 8.5% of the U.S. population.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B) ,C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) One that can provide for emergency needs.
B) One that can pay for their medical expenses.
C) One that covers their debts and burial expenses.
D) One that ensures a healthy life for their later years.
17. A)Purchase insurance for their children.
B)Save sufficient money for a rainy day.
C)Buy a home with a small down payment.
D)Add more insurance on the breadwinner.
18. A) When their children grow up and leave home.
B) When they have saved enough for retirement.

00:00
27:05



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
