2017年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2017 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying “Respect others, and
you will be respected.” You can cite examples to illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) They reward businesses that eliminate food waste.
B) They prohibit the sale of foods that have gone stale.
C) They facilitate the donation of unsold foods to the needy.
D) They forbid businesses to produce more foods than needed.
2. A) It imposed penalties on businesses that waste food.
B) It passed a law aiming to stop overproduction .
C) It voted against food import from outside Europe.
D) It prohibited the promotion of bulk food sales.
3. A) It has warmed its people against possible food shortage.
B) It has penalized businesses that keep overproducing foods.
C) It has started a nationwide campaign against food waste.
D) It has banned supermarkets from dumping edible foods.
4 . A) The confusion over food expiration labels.
B) The surplus resulting from overproduction.
C) Americans' habit of buying food in bulk.
D) A lack of regulation on food consumption.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It has started a week-long promotion campaign.
B) It has just launched its annual anniversary sales.
C) It offers regular weekend sales all the year round.
D) It specializes in the sale of ladies designer dresses.
6. A) Price reductions for its frequent customers.
B) Coupons for customers with bulk purchases.
C)Free delivery of purchases for senior customers.
D) Price adjustments within seven days of purchase.
7. A)Mail a gift card to her. B) Allow her to buy on credit.
C) Credit it to her account. D) Give her some coupons.
8. A) Refunding for goods returned. B) Free installing of appliances.
C)Prolonged goods warranty. D)Complimentary tailoring.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions.
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A), B), C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A)They are thin, tall, and unlike real human beings.
B)They have more than twenty different hair textures.
C)They have twenty-four different body shapes in total.
D)They represent people from virtually all walks of life.
10. A)They do not reflect young girls’ aspirations.
B)They are not sold together with the original.
C) Their flat feet do not appeal to adolescents.
D) Their body shapes have not changed much.
11. A)In toy stores. B)In shopping malls.
C)On the Internet. D)At Barbie shops.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A )Moveable metal type began to be used in printing.
B) Chinese printing technology was first introduce.
C)The earliest known book was published.
D) Metal type was imported from Korea.
13. A) It had more than a hundred printing presses.
B)It was the biggest printer in the 16th century.
C) It helped the German people become literate.
D) It produced some 20 million volumes in total.
14. A)It pushed handwritten books out of circulation.
B)It boosted the circulation of popular works.
C)It made writing a very profitable career.
D) It provided readers with more choices.
15. A) It accelerated the extinction of the Latin language.
B) It standardized the publication of grammar books.
C) It turned translation into a welcome profession.
D) It promoted the growth of national languages.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They get bored after working for a period of time.
B) They spend an average of one year finding a job.
C)They become stuck in the same job for decades.
D) They choose a job without thinking it through.
17. A)See if there will be chances for promotion.
B)Find out what job choices are available.
C)Watch a film about ways of job hunting.
D) Decide which job is most attractive to you.
18. A)The qualifications you have. B)The pay you are going to get.
C)The culture of your target company. D) The work environment you will be in.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is as important as Christmas for African-Americans.
B) It is a cultural festival founded for African-Americans.
C) It is an ancient festival celebrated by African-Americans.

00:00
26:41



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
