2018年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2018 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of building trust between
employers and employers. You can cite examples to illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A)It is a typical salad. C) It is a weird vegetable.
B) It is a Spanish soup. D) It is a kind of spicy food.
2. A)To make it thicker. C) To add to its appeal.
B) To make it more nutritious. D) To replace an ingredient.
3. A)It contains very little fat. C) It uses no artificial additives.
B) It uses olive oil in cooking. D) It is mainly made of vegetables.
4 . A) It does not go stale for two years. C) It comes from a special kind of pig.
B) It takes no special skill to prepare. D) It is a delicacy blended with bread.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A)They come in a great variety. C) They do not vary much in price.
B) They do not make decent gifts. D) They go well with Italian food.
6. A)$30-$40. C) $50-$60.
B) $40-$50. D) Around $150.
7. A)They are a healthy choice for elderly people. C) They symbolize good health and longevity.
B) They are especially popular among Italians. D) They go well with different kinds of food.
8. A)It is wine imported from California. C) It is far more expensive than he expected.
B) It is less spicy than all other red wines. D) It is Italy’s most famous type of red wine.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions.
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A), B), C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A)Learning others’ secrets. C)Decoding secret messages.
B) Searching for information. D)Spreading sensational news.
10.A)They helped the U.S. army in World War II.
B) They could write down spoken codes promptly.
C) They were assigned to decode enemy messages.
D) They were good at breaking enemy secret codes.
11. A)Important battles fought in the Pacific War.
B)Decoding of secret messages in war times.
C) A military code that was never broken.
D)Navajo Indians’ contribution to code breaking.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A )All services will be personalized.
B) A lot of knowledge-intensive jobs will be replaced.
C)Technology will revolutionize all sectors of industry.
D)More information will be available.
13. A)In the robotics industry. C) In the personal care sector.
B) In the information service. D) In high-end manufacturing.
14. A)They charge high prices. C) They cater to the needs of young people.
B) They need lots of training. D) They focus on customers’ specific needs.
15. A) The rising demand in education and healthcare in the next 20 years.
B) The disruption caused by technology in traditionally well-paid jobs.
C) The tremendous changes new technology will bring to people’s lives.
D) The amazing amount of personal attention people would like to have.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A)It was the longest road in ancient Egypt. C) It lay 8 miles from the monument sites.
B) It was constructed some 500 years ago. D) It linked a stone pit to some waterways.
17. A)Saws used for cutting stone. C)An ancient geographical map.
B) Traces left by early explorers. D)Some stone tool segments.
18. A) To transport stones to block floods.
B) To provide services for the stone pit.
C) To link the various monument sites.
D) To connect the villages along the Nile.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Dr. Gong didn’t give him any conventional tests.
B) Dr. Gong marked his office with a hand-painted sign.
C) Dr. Gong didn’t ask him any questions about his pain.
D) Dr. Gong slipped in needles where he felt no pain.
20. A)He had heard of the wonders acupuncture could work.
B) Dr. Gong was very famous in New York’s Chinatown.
C) Previous medical treatments failed to relieve his pain.
D) He found the expensive medical tests unaffordable.
21. A)More and more patients ask for the treatment.
B) Acupuncture techniques have been perfected.
C) It doesn’t need the conventional medical tests.
D) It does not have any negative side effects.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A)They were on the verge of breaking up.
B) They were compatible despite differences.
C) They quarreled a lot and never resolved their arguments.
D) They argued persistently about whether to have children.
23. A)Neither of them has any brothers or sisters.
B) Neither of them won their parents’ favor.
C) They weren’t spoiled in their childhood.
D) They didn’t like to be the apple of their parents’ eyes.

00:00
27:30



Player Settings
安装App
生词本
