2018年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












第 1 页
2018 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题 (第 3 套）
Part I Writing (30minutes)
Directions:For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the importance of
building trust between business and consumers.You can cite examples to illustrate your views.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30minutes)
（说明：由于 2018 年 6 月六级考试全国共考了 2 套听力，本套真题听力与前 2 套内容完全一样，只是
顺序不一样，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。）
Part III Reading Comprehension (40minutes)
Section A
Directions:In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the
words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
When Elon Musk says that his new priority is using artificial intelligence to build domestic robots, we
should look forward to the day in admiration.
Mr. Musk is a guy who gets things done. The founder of two tech companies, Tesla Motors and
SpaceX, is bringing electric vehicles to mass market and 26 humans to live on other planets. This sounds
like so much hot air, but the near $13 billion fortune this entrepreneur has 27 comes from practical
achievements rather than hypothetical ones.
A lot of clever people are 28 about artificial intelligence, fearing that robots will one day become so
29 that they’ll murder all of us. These fears are mostly 30 : as with hysteria about genetic modification,
we humans are generally wise enough to manage these problems with speed and care.
And just think of how wonderful it would be if you had a live-in robot. It could, 31 , be like having a
babysitter and a nurse rolled into one--or, if that required 32 intelligence beyond the power of Mr. Musk’s
imagined machine, at least someone to chop the carrots, wash the car and mow the lawn. Once purchased
and trained, this would allow the 33 user to save money and time, freeing up 34 space in our busy lives to
read a good book.
That is why we welcome Mr. Musk’s latest 35 , and wish him well. As long as robots add to the sum of
human happiness, reduce suffering, and create time to read world-class journalism, we should be their fans.
Especially since journalism is one job robots will never do.
A). amassed B). casual
C). emotional D). enabling
E). eventually F). exaggerated
G). extravagant H). generously
I). misleading J). precious
K). reward L). smart
M). sphere N). terrified
O). venture
第 2 页
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a
letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet2.
In the real world, nobody cares that you went to an Ivy League school
[A]. As a high school junior, everything in my life revolved around getting into the right college. I diligently
attended my SAT, ACT, and Advanced Placement test preparation courses. I juggled （尽力应付）cross-
country and track schedules, newspaper staff, and my church’s youth group and drama team. I didn’t drink,
party, or even do much dating. The right college, I thought, was one with prestige, one with a name. It didn’t
have to be the Ivy League, but it needed to be “top school.”
[B]. Looking back now, nine years later, I can’t remember exactly what it was about these universities that made
them seem so much better. Was it a curriculum that appeared more rigorous, perhaps？ Or an alumni network
that I hoped would open doors down the line？ Maybe. “I do think there are advantages to schools with more
recognition,” notes Marybeth Gasman, a professor of higher education at the University of Pennsylvania. “I
don’t necessarily think that’s a reason to go to one.”
[C]. In reflection, my firm belief in the power of the brand was naive, not to mention a bit snobby. I quickly passed
over state schools and southern schools, believing their curriculum to be automatically inferior to northeastern
or western counterparts. Instead, I dreamed of living in New York City and my parents obliged me with a visit
to New York University’s （NYU） campus. During the tour, tuition fees were discussed. （NYU is
consistently ranked one of the country’s most expensive schools, with room and board costs totaling upwards of
$64,000 a year.） Up until then, I hadn’t truly realized just how expensive an education can be. Over the next
few months, I realized not only could I not afford my dream school, I couldn’t even afford the ones where I’d
been accepted. City University of New York （CUNY）, Rutgers University, and Indiana University were out
of reach as were Mississippi State and the University of Alabama, where I would have to pay out-of-state fees.
Further complicating my college search was a flourishing stack career—I wanted to keep running but my times
weren’t quite fast enough to secure a scholarship.
[D]. And so, at 11pm on the night of Georgia State University’s （GSU） midnight deadline, I applied online.
Rated No.466 overall on Forbes’ Lists Top Colleges, No. 183 in Research Universities, and No. 108 in the
South, I can’t say it was my top choice. Still, the track coach had offered me a walk-on spot, and I actually
found the urban Atlanta campus a decent consolation prize after New York City.
[E]. While it may have been practical, it wasn’t prestigious, But here’s the thing： I loved my “lower-tier” （低
层 次 的 ） university. （ I use the term “low-tier” cautiously, because GSU is a well-regarded research
institution that attracts high quality professors and faculty from all over the country. ） We are taught to
believe that only by going to the best schools and getting the best grades can we escape the rat race and build
a better future. But what if lower-tier colleges and universities were the ticket to escaping the rat race ？
After all, where else can you leave school with a decent degree—but without a lifetime of debt？
[F] My school didn ’ t come pre-packaged like the more popular options, so we were left to take care of
ourselves, figuring out city life and trying to complete degree programs that no one was championing
for us to succeed in. What I’m saying is, Iloved my university because it taught us all to be resourceful
and we could make what we wanted out of it.
[G]. I was lucky enough to have my tuition covered by a lottery-funded scholarship called HOPE
（ Helping Outstanding Pupils Educationally ） When I started college, the HOPE scholarship was
funded by the state of Georgia and offered to graduating high school seniors with a GPA of 3.0 or
higher. Living costs and books I paid for with money earned during high school, supplemented by a
small college fund my deceased grandfather left for me and a modest savings account my parents
安装App
生词本
