2019年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions : In this section , you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation , you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question , you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A ) , B ) , C ) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1 . A) It focuses exclusively on jazz. C) It has several branches in London.
B) It sponsors major jazz concerts. D) It displays albums by new music talents.
2. A) It originated with cowboys.
B) Its market has now shrunk.
C) Its listeners are mostly young people.
D) It remains as widespread as hip hop music.
3 . A) Its definition is varied and complicated.
B) It is still going through experimentation.
C) It is frequently accompanied by singing.
D) Its style has remained largely unchanged.
4. A) Learn to play them. C) Listen to them yourself.
B) Take music lessons. D) Consult jazz musicians.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5 . A) She paid her mortgage. C) She made a business plan.
B) She called on the man. D) She went to the bank.
6. A) Her previous debt hadn't been cleared yet. C) She had apparently asked for too much.
B) Her credit history was considered poor. D) She didn't pay her mortgage in time.
7. A) Pay a debt long overdue. C) Start her own business.
B) Buy a piece of property. D) Check her credit history.----
2019年12月英语六级考试试题第2套
8 . A) Seek advice from an expert about fundraising.
B) Ask for smaller loans from different lenders.
C) Build up her own finances step by step.
D) Revise her business proposal carefully.
Section B
Directions : In this section , you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage , you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question , you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) , C )
and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter o n Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is profitable and environmentally friendly.
B) It is well located and completely automated.
C) It is small and unconventional.
D) It is fertile and productive.
1 0 . A) Their urge to make farming more enjoyable.
B) Their desire to improve farming equipment.
C) Their hope to revitalize traditional farming.
D) Their wish to set a new farming standard
1 1 . A) It saves a lot of electricity. C) It causes hardly any pollution.
B) It needs little maintenance. D) It loosens soil while weeding.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
1 2 . A) It has turned certain insects into a new food source.
B) It has started to expand business outside the UK.
C) It has imported some exotic foods from overseas.
D) It has joined hands with Sainsbury's to sell pet insects.
1 3 . A) It was really unforgettable. C) It hurt his throat slightly.
B) It was a pleasant surprise. D) It made him feel strange.

00:00
28:02



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
