2020年7月英语六级真题(组合卷)
升级付费版
自动缩放












Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices markedA
) , B) , C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She is a great athlete. C) She is a famous scientist.
B) She is a famed speaker. D) She is a noted inventor.
2. A) How knowledge of human biochemistry has been evolving.
B) How nutrition helps athletes􀆳 performance in competitions.
C) How scientific training enables athletes to set new records.
D) How technology has helped athletes to scale new heights.
3. A) Our physical structures. C) Our biochemical process.
B) Our scientific knowledge. D) Our concept of nutrition.
4. A) It may increase the expenses of sports competitions.
B) It may lead to athletes􀆳 over reliance on equipment.
C) It may give an unfair advantage to some athletes.
D) It may change the nature of sports competitions.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Experience. C) Family background.
B) Flexibility. D) Business connections.
6. A) Buying directly from factories.
B) Shipping goods in bulk by sea.
C) Having partners in many parts of the world.
D) Using the same container back and forth.
7. A) Warehouses. C) Investors.
B) Factories. D) Retailers.
2020年7月大学英语六级考试试题全1套
8. A) Trendy style. C) Lower import duties.
B) Unique design. D) Lower shipping costs.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) ,
C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps employees to reduce their stress.
B) It prevents employees from feeling bored.
C) It strengthens harmony among employees.
D) It helps employees to view things positively.
10. A) Weekends are conducive to reducing stress.
B) Humor is vital to interpersonal relationships.
C) All workers experience some emotional stress.
D) Humor can help workers excel at routine tasks.
11. A) Smash the toys to release their bottled-up resentments.
B) Take the boss doll apart as long as they reassemble it.
C) Design and install stress-reducing gadgets.
D) Strike at the boss doll as hard as they like.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The recent finding of a changed gene in obese mice.
B) A breakthrough in understanding gene modification.
C) A newly discovered way for people to lose weight.
D) The self-repairing ability of a gene in obese mice.
13. A) It renders an organism unable to fight diseases.
B) It prevents the mice􀆳s fatty tissues from growing.
C) It helps organisms adapt to environmental changes.
D) It renders mice unable to sense when to stop eating.

00:00
27:45



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
