2021年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the graph below. You
should start your essay with a brief description of the graph and comment on China's achievements in
urbanization. You should write at least 150 words but no more than200 words.
Degree of urbanization in China from 1980 to 2019
Part n: Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will
hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best (Jnswer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He is going to leave his present job.
B) He is going to attend a job interview.
C) He will meet his new manager in two weeks.
D) He will tell the management how he really feels.
2. A) It should be carefully analyzed. C) It can be quite useful to senior managers.
B) It should be kept private. D) It can improve interviewees' job prospects.
3. A) It may do harm to his fellow employees.
B) It may displease his immediate .superiors.
C) It may adversely affect his future career prospects.
D) It may leave a negative impression on the interviewer.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/2021年6月大学英语六级考试真题(一)
4. A) Pour out his frustrations on a rate-your-employer website.
B) Network with his close friends to find a better employer.
C) Do some practice for the exit interview.
D) Prepare a comprehensive exit report.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Her career as a botanist. C) Her month-long expedition.
B) Her latest documentary. D) Her unsuccessful journey.
6. A) She was caught in a hurricane. C) She suffered from water shortage.
B) She had to live like a vegetarian. D) She had to endure many hardships.
7. A) They could no longer bear the humidity. C) A flood was approaching.
B) They had no more food in the canoe. D) A hurricane was coming.
8. A) It was memorable. C) It was fruitful.
B) It was unbearable. D) It was uneventful.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage , you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question , you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ), B ), C ) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It ensures the accuracy of their arguments. C) It hurts laymen's dignity and self-esteem.
B) It diminishes laymen's interest in science. D) It makes their expressions more explicit.
10. A) They will see the complexity of science. C) They tend to disbelieve the actual science.
B) They feel great respect towards scientists. D) They can learn to communicate with scientists.
11. A) Explain all the jargon terms. C) Find appropriate topics.
B) Do away with jargon terms. D) Stimulate their interest.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) There were oil deposits below a local gassy hill.
B) The erupting gas might endanger local children.
C) There was oiHeakage-along the Gulf Coast.
D) The local gassy hill might start a huge fire.
13. A) The massive gas underground.
B) Their lack of the needed skill.
14. A) It was not as effective as he claimed.
B) It rendered many oil workers jobless.
15. A) It ruined the state's cotton and beef industries.
B) It totally destroyed the state's rural landscape.
Section C
C) Their lack of suitable tools.
D) The sand under the hill.
C) It gave birth to the oil drilling industry.
D) It was not popularized until years later.
C) It resulted in an oil surplus all over the world.
D) It radically transformed the state's economy.
Directions: In this section , you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once . After you hear a question , you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Insufficient motivation. C) Unsuitable jobs.
B) Tough regulations. D) Bad managers.
17. A) Ineffective training. C) Overburdening of managers.
B) Toxic company culture. D) Lack of regular evaluation.
'.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/

00:00
28:10



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
