2021年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Young people spend a lot of time on the Internet. However, they are some times unable to
recognize false information on the Internet, judge the reliability of online information sources,
or tell real news stories from fake ones.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questionsl to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He was enjoying his holiday. C) He was busy writing his essays.
B) He was recovering in hospital. D) He was fighting a throat infection.
2. A) He broke his wrist. C) He slipped on ice and fell.
B) He lost his antibiotics. D) He was laughed at by some girls.
3. A) Tum to her father for help. C) Ask the manufacturer for repairs.
B) Call the repair shop to fix it. D) Replace it with a brand-new one.
4. A) Help David retrie ve his essays. C) Offer David some refreshments.
B) Introduce David to her parents. D) Accompany David to his home.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a critic of works on military affairs.
B) She is an acclaimed hostess of Book Talk.
C) She is a researcher of literary genres.
D) She is a historian of military history.
6. A) It is about the military history of Europe.
B) It is set in the 18th and 19th centuries.
C) It is her fifth book of military history.
D) It is a war novel set in the future.
7. A) She visited soldiers' wives and mothers.
B) She conducted surveys of many soldiers.
C) She met a large number of soldiers in person.
D) She looked into the personal li ves of soldiers.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
8. A) She doesn't have much freedom for imagination.
B) It is not easy to make her readers believe in her.
C) It is difficult to attract young readers.
D) She has to combine fact with fiction.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ.
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Santa Claus. C) Cocoa seeds.
B) A polar bear. D) A glass bottle.
10. A) To attract customer attention. C) To combat counterfeits.
B) To keep up with the times. D) To promote its sales.
11. A) It resembles a picture in the encyclopedia.
B) It appears in the shape of a cocoa seed.
C) It has the drink's logo in the middle.
D) It displays the image of Santa Claus.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12 . A) It often occurs among commuters. C) It improves their mood considerably.
B) It promotes mutual understanding. D) It takes a great deal of effort to sustain.
13 . A) Social anxiety. C) Lack of social skills.
B) Excessive caution. D) Preference for solitude.
14. A) People usually regard it as an unforgettable lesson.
B) Human brains tend to dwell on negative events.
C) Negative events often hurt people deeply.
D) People generally resent being rejected.
15 . A) Contagious.
Section C
B) Temporary. C) Unpredictable. D) Measurable.
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks foll owed by three
or f our questions. The recordin gs will be p layed only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the fou r choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ . Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sh ee t 1 with a single line th ro ugh the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It depends heavily on tourism. C) It is mainly based on agriculture.
B) It is flourishing in foreign trade. D) It relies chiefly on mineral export.
17. A)Tobacco. B) Bananas. C) Coffee. D) Sugar.
18. A) They toil on fa rm s. C) They live in Spanish-style houses.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/

00:00
26:14



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
