2021年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Some parents in China are overprotective of their children. They plan everything for their
children, make all the decisions for them, and do not allow them to explore on their own in case
they make mistakes or get hurt.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a le tter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer sheet 2.
Why facts don't change our minds
A) The economist J. K. Galbraith once wrote, "Faced with a choice between changing
one's mind and proving there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy with the
proof."
B) Leo Tolstoy was even bolder: "The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most
slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing
cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows
already, without a shadow of a doubt, what is laid before him."
C) What's going on here? Why don't facts change our minds? And why would someone
continue to believe a false or inaccurate idea anyway? How do such behaviors serve us?
Humans need a reasonably accurate view of the world in order to survive. If your model
of reality is wildly different from the actual world, then you struggle to take effective
actions each day. However, truth and accuracy are not the only things that matter to the
human mind. Humans also seem to have a deep desire to belong.
D) In Atomic Habits, I wrote, "Humans are herd animals. We want to fit in, to bond with
历年全国六级每次考2套听力，第3套与第2套听力相同，只有题目选项顺序不同，因此不再展示。
本次六级考了2套阅读词汇理解，本套与第2套完全相同，不再重复出现。https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
others, and to earn the respect and approval of our peers. Such inclinations are essential
to our survival. For most of our evolutionary history, our ancestors lived in tribes.
Becoming separated from the tribe-or worse, being cast out-was a death sentence."
E) Understanding the truth of a situation is important, but so is remaining part of a tribe.
While these two desires often work well together, they occasionally come into conflict.
In many circumstances, social connection is actually more helpful to your daily life than
understanding the truth of a particular fact or idea. The Harvard psychologist Steven
Pinker put it this way, "People are embraced or condemned according to their beliefs, so
one function of the mind may be to hold beliefs that bring the belief- holder the greatest
number of allies, protectors, or disciples ( 1-t ,f:,l), rather than beliefs that are most likely
to be true."
F) We don't always believe things because they are correct. Sometimes we believe things
because they make us look good to the people we care about. I thought Kevin Simler
put it well when he wrote, "If a brain anticipates that it will be rewarded for adopting a
particular belief, it's perfectly happy to do so, and doesn't much care where the reward
comes from- whether it's pragmatic ( ~ ffl _i.-;{_ a-~) (better outcomes resulting from
better decisions), social (better treatment from one's peers), or some mix of the two."
G) False beliefs can be useful in a social sense even if they are not useful in a factual sense.
For lack of a better phrase, we might call this approach "factually false, but socially
accurate." When we have to choose between the two, people often select friends and
family over facts. This insight not only explains why we might hold our tongue at a
dinner party or look the other way when our parents say something offensive, but also
reveals a better way to change the minds of others.
H) Convincing someone to change their mind is really the process of convincing them to
change their tribe. If they abandon their beliefs, they run the risk of losing social ties.
You can't expect someone to change their mind if you take away their community too.
You have to give them somewhere to go. Nobody wants their worldview tom apart if
loneliness is the outcome.
I) The way to change people 's minds is to become friends with them, to integrate them
into your tribe, to bring them into your circle. Now, they can change their beliefs
without the risk of being abandoned socially.
J) Perhaps it is not difference, but di stance, that breeds tribalism and hostility. As
proximity increases, so does understanding. lam reminded of Abraham Lincoln 's quote,
"I don't like that man. I must get to know him better."
K) Facts don 't change our minds. Friendship does. Years ago, Ben Casnocha mentioned an
idea to me that I haven 't been able to shake: The people who are most likely to change
our minds are the ones we agree with on 98 percent of topics. If someone you know,https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
安装App
生词本
