2021年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Nowadays star chasing is prevalent among many teenagers. They take pop stars as their
idols, imitating their way of talking, following their style of dressing, and seeking every chance
to meet them in person at great expenses.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answ er from the fou r
choices marked A), BJ, C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It has given rise to much controversy. C) It was primarily written for vegetarians.
B) It has been very favorably received. D) It offends many environmentalists.
2. A) She neglects people's efforts in animal protection.
B) She tries to force people to accept her radical ideas.
C) She ignores the various benefits of public transport.
D) She insists vegetarians are harming the environment.
3. A) They are significant. C) They are rational.
B) They are revolutionary. D) They are modest.
4. A) It would help to protect the environment.
B) It would generate money for public health.
C) It would need support from the general public.
D) It would force poor people to change their diet.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Where successful people's strengths come from.
B) Why many people fight so hard for success.
C) How she achieved her life' s goal.
D) What makes people successful.
6. A) Having someone who has confidence in them.
B) Having someone who is ready to help them.
C) Having a firm belief in their own ability.
D) Having a realistic attitude towards li fe.
B) They try hard to appear optimistic. D) They remain calm.
8. A) An understanding leadership. C) Mutual respect among colleagues.
B) A nurturing environment. D) Highly cooperative teammates.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the quest ions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ.
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They use their sense of hearing to capture their prey.
B) Their food mainly consists of small animals and fish.
C) They have big eyes and distinctive visual centers.
D) Their ancestor is different from that of micro bats.
10. A) With the help of moonlight. C) With the aid of daylight vision.
B) By means of echolocation. D) By means of vision and smell.
11. A) To make up for their natural absence of vision.
B) To adapt themselves to a particular lifestyle.
C) To facilitate their travel over long distances.
D) To survive in the ever-changing weather.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12 . A) They acquire knowledge not found in books.
B) They learn how to interact with their peers.
C) They become more emotionally aggressive.
D) They get much better prepared for school.
13. A) They are far from emotionally prepared.
B) They tend to be more attracted by images.
C) They can't follow the conflicts in the show.
D) They lack the cognitive and memory skills.
14. A) Choose appropriate programs for their children.
B) Help their children understand the program's plot.
C) Outline the program' s plot for their children first.
D) Monitor their children's watching of TV programs.
15. A) Explain its message to their children.
B) Check if their children have enjoyed it.
C) Encourage their children to rete ll the story.
D) Ask their children to describe its characters.
Section C
Directions: Jn this section, yo u will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. Th e recordings will be p layed only once. After you he ar a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked AJ , BJ, CJ and DJ . Then mark the
00:00
26:54
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are afraid of injuring their feet. C) They believe a little dirt harms no one.
B) They have never developed the habit. D) They find it rather troublesome to do so.
17. A) Different types of bacteria existed on public-toilet floors.
C) Office carpets collected more bacteria than elsewhere.
D) A large number of bacteria collected on a single shoe.
18. A) The chemicals on shoes can deteriorate air quality.
B) Shoes can upset family members with their noise.
C) The marks left by shoes are hard to erase.
D) Shoes can leave scratches on the floor.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19 . A) It is sinful and immoral. C) It is an uncontrollable behavior.
B) It is deemed uncivilized. D) It is a violation of faith and trust.
20. A) Assess their consequences. C) Accept them as normal.
B) Guard against their harm. D) Find out their causes.
21. A) Try to understand what messages they convey.
B) Pay attention to their possible consequences.
C) Consider them from different perspectives.
D) Make sure they are brought under control.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Cultivation of new varieties of crops.
B) Measures to cope with climate change.
C) Development of more effective pesticides.
D) Application of more nitrogen-rich fertilizers.
23. A) The expansion of farmland in developing countries.
B) The research on crop rotation in developing countries.
C) The cooperation of the world's agricultural scientists.
D) The improvement of agricultural infrastructure.
24. A) For encouraging farmers to embrace new farming techniques.
B) For aligning their research with advances in farming technology.
C) For turning their focus to the needs of farmers in poorer countries.
D) For cooperating closely with policymakers in developing countries.
25. A) Rapid transition to become a food exporter.
B) Substantial funding in agricultural research.
C) Quick rise to become a leading grain producer.
motivated. And, by virtue of that heightened motivation, to perform well.
The research team from several American universities surveyed more than 240
individuals. They sampled managers as well as team members. Employee entitlement was
measured by statements such as "I honestly feel I'm just more deserving than others."
The respondents had to rate the extent of their agreement. Employee engagement,
meanwhile, was assessed with statements like "I really throw myself into my work."
The findings revealed ethical leadership is precisely what alleviates the negative effects of
employee entitlement. That's because rather than indulging employees or neglecting them,
ethical leaders communicate very direct and clear expectations. They also hold employees
accountable for their behaviors and are genuinely committed to doing the right thing.
Additionally, these leaders are consistent in their standards. They 're also less likely to
deviate in how they treat employees.
This means, when confronted by an entitled team member, an ethical leader is
significantly disinclined to accommodate their demands. He or she will instead point out,
constructively and tactfully, exactly how their inflated sense of deservingness is somewhat
distorted. They'd then go further to explain the speci fi c, and objective, criteria the
employee must meet to receive their desired rewards. This shift away from unrealistic
expectations is successful because entitled employees feel more confident that ethical
leaders will deliv er on their promises. This occurs because they 're perceived to be fa ir and
trustworthy.
The researchers, however, exercise caution by warning no one single response is the
perfect remedy. But there's no denying ethical leadership is at least a critical step in the
right direction.
A) They attempt to make more contributions.
B) They feel they deserve more than they get.
C) They attach importance to job satisfaction.
D) They try to diminish workplace dysfunction.
52. Why don 't some employees work hard according to many scholars?
A) They lack a strong sense of self-worth.
B) They were spoiled when growing up.
C) They have received unfair treatment.
D) They are overindulged by their boss.
53 . What is a manager supposed to do to enable workers to do a better job ?
A) Be aware of their emotions.
B) Give them timely promotions.
C) Keep a record of their performance.
D) Seek ways to sustain their motivation.
A) They are held accountable by their employee s.
C) They convey their requirements in a straightforward way.
D) They make it a point to be on good terms with their employees.
5 5. What kind of leaders are viewed as ethical by entitled employees?
A) Those who can be counted on to fulfill commitments.
B) Those who can do things beyond normal expectations.
C) Those who exercise caution in making major decisions.
D) Those who know how to satisfy their employees, needs.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
J! *1.i .:Y- F#t i!EJ -ti ~t %~, .t1!!. ¾: ihiif 'f i#, Jt. 'f 00 $ ♦ a{; ½ .t1!!. o ..{, it 1t- ~ ~ - -f $ ♦ ~ 1 ,tf_ it
£±~~41~~+4~.~*1~El~ ♦ ~M~~ ♦ .~·1J!*tt#,h't'00$ ♦ •~1
e:k~mlo J!*a{;$ ♦ 1ElJJ1.±00iti.:irl:k, 7J'-;fr:lflT, i.&.JJ1
J:irl~ o J!*Jt.±00~00.i.x.., $ ♦
#~~}!*•*••£~o.J!*~9+$ ♦ ~~tt, *•• 'f~'f~~~--f $ ♦ ~,tf_J!*~