2022年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2022年 0 6 月 大 学 英 语 六 级 考 试 真 题 (第 2 套)
Part I Writing (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people keep learning new skills to adapt to a
fast-changing world." You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences
to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directionsr In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
wordfor each blankfrom a list of choices given in a 'word bankfollowing the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
your overall wellbeing, empirical evidence has shown. Researchers carried out an
investigation to explore the 26 between having kind thoughts and a person's
psychological state.
For the study, five groups of participants were presented with a different set of audio
and others which persuaded them to think in a self^critical manner. After listening to the
audio instructions, the participants were asked to answer a series of questions. These
included whether they felt agitated, how likely they were to show kindness to themselves
and how 28 they felt to other individuals.
likely to exhibit a bodily response associated with being relaxed and feeling safe. Their
heart rates also dropped, which is a healthy sign of a heart that can respond flexibly to
situations. Yet, 29 , those who listened to the critical audio clips were noted as having
a higher heart rate and sweat response afterwards, both of which 30 feelings of threat
and distress.
Having the ability to switch off the body's natural threat response can 31 a person's
immune system. This, in turn, gives them a greater likelihood of recovering quickly from
illness. These findings help us to further understand some of our clinical trials research
findings, where we show that individuals with 32 depression benefit particularly from
self-awareness-based 33 therapy. They essentially learn to become more sympathetic
to themselves.
The sense is that for people 34 to depression, meeting their negative thoughts
and feelings with 35 is a radically different way; that these thoughts are not facts. It
introduces a different way of being and knowing that is quite transformative for many
people.
A) adversely I) indignantly
B) amiably J) insulation
C) boost K) lavish
D) cognitive L) prone
E) compassion M) recurrent
F) connected N) signify
G) correlation 0 ) surpass
H) fascinated
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one o f the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
Saving Our Planet
A) In the long view, the human relationship with forests has been one of brutal destruction,
but even it carries elements of slow hope. In the Middle Ages, there was no shortage of
timber in most parts of the world, and few saw cutting down forests as a problem. Yet in
1548 the people of Venice estimated that an important timber supply would last only 30
years at their current rate of usage- but different forest management would make it
possible to meet the demand for many centuries to come. The idea of preserving
resources came out of a concern for the future: a fear of using up resources faster than
they could be replenished (补 充).
B) Economic interests were at the core of this understanding of trees and forests. It would
take more than three centuries before scientists began to understand that timber
production is not the only, and possibly not the most important, function of forests. The
late 19th and early 20th century saw an increasing recognition that forests serve as
habitats for countless animal and plant species that all rely on each other. They take
over protective functions against soil erosion and landslides ( 塌 方 ) ；they make a
significant contribution to the water balance as they prevent surface runoff; they filter
dirt particles, greenhouse gases and radioactive substances from the air; they produce
oxygen; they provide spaces for recreation and they preserve historic and prehistoric
remains. As a result, forests around the world have been set aside as parks or wilderness
areas.
C) Recent years have seen a big change in our view of forests. Peter Wohlleben's book The
Hidden Life o f Trees (2015), an international bestseller, suggests that trees can warn
安装App
生词本
support each other through sharing of nutrients and information, and they even keep
ancient stumps alive by feeding them solutions of sugars. Such insights have made us
aware of deep ecological relationships between humans and the more-than-human
world.
D) Awareness of ecologies is a recent phenomenon. It was not until the 1940s that the
concept of the “environment“ embracing all living and nonliving things developed. In
the 1970s, the term “environment" gained currency, becoming widely adopted in the
English and Romance languages, and as ccUmwelC ("'surrounding world^^) in German.
The emergence of the idea led to the rise of environmental agencies, regulations and
environmental studies, and to environmental science as new, integrated academic
disciplines. It was in 1956 that the very first bachelor of science in environmental
studies was awarded, at the State University of New York College of Forestry at
Syracuse. Since the 1970s- with the rise of “environmentalism"- environmental
studies programmes have sprung up at hundreds of universities. There is (slow) hope in
the fact that scholars from many different disciplines have adopted the term
“environment" over the past decades. They are exploring intricate connections within
and between complex ecologies, as well as the impact that human environment-making
(through techno-industrial, economic and other manipulative developments) has had on
the biosphere.
E) The rise of the idea of the environment and a scholarly understanding of ecological
processes has influenced new technologies and also politics. We have come to ask
nature and power. The search for an adequate response to climate change occupies
centre stage in international diplomacy.
F) Social and environmental activists, scientists and indigenous groups have called the
Paris Agreement of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in December 2015
insufficient, weak, or compromised. To some extent, they are right: climate change has
already destroyed tens of thousands of livelihoods, and the situation will worsen in the
near future for millions of mostly poorer people, who will join the ranks of those who
have already been displaced by climate change and extreme weather events. But the
Paris Conference nevertheless marked a historic step toward the recognition of the need
for action on climate change, the cutting of carbon emissions, and world cooperation.
There were 195 nations that came to the table in Paris and agreed to limits on emissions.
Historically, nothing comparable had happened prior to this. Before the 20th century, a
handful of scientists had been interested in the theoretical relationship between
greenhouse gases and climate change, but only the empirical evidence accumulated
fuels and a vastly accelerated rise in global temperatures.
G) The current crisis is not the first that humans have encountered, and a look at the
struggles with pollution in recent history reveals transformations that once seemed
unimaginable. The "London fbg?, that came to define the capital through British novels
and thrillers is in reality smog or smoke, a legacy of industrialisation. After a century of
ignorance, London was hit by the Great Smog of December 1952- the worst
air-pollution event in the history of the United Kingdom which caused the deaths of
approximately 12,000 people. Shortly thereafter, public initiatives and political
campaigns led to strict regulations and new laws, including the Clean Air Act (1956).
spread of misinformation, and the process of doing so may yield tiny pieces of interesting
new information that can be incorporated.
Some have argued that the public is not educated enough to understand scientific
information, especially for any complex phenomena, but this is absurd. Science instruction
can be found at all levels of public education with most secondary schools offering classes
on biology, physics, and chemistry. If anything, social media has shown that the public
craves knowledge based on a solid scientific foundation. Even the public discourse that
follows most scientific articles shows that online readers can understand even the most
baffling of scientific principles.
It is equally imperative to emphasize that being an expert on a topic does not
automatically make a scholar qualified to communicate it to a nonscientific audience. A
number of scientists recently have been offering public-aimed explanations of scientific
phenomena. Even though they have appropriate credentials, they often do very little in the
way of explaining. One biologist shared an intricate analogy involving a library, books,
paper, a recipe, ingredients, and a cake to explain the process behind vaccines. Any
explanation that requires a written key to keep track o f what each item represents is not a
clear example for public consumption.
Science communication is a science in and o f itself. It requires rigorous training and
instruction. A scientist should take communication courses that can teach a person how to
identify and eliminate jargon and how to develop effective analogies to explain complex
concepts. One cannot assume communication expertise-imagine if someone just decided
that they were a physicist and started trying to contribute to the field without the necessary
background. Doing a poor job communicating science to the public will only create
confusion and widen the gap between science and society, a gap that scientists are trying to
close.
A) It will help them to keep abreast o f the latest scientific developments.
B) It is a necessary means to improve their understanding o f scientific issues.
C) It will get them more involved in academic debates on environmental problems.
D) It is an effective way to augment scientists9 influence beyond the academic circle.
52. What does the author advise scientists do to deal with topics outside o f their specialty?
A) Write or present on them from new angles.
B) Utilize information from diverse sources.
C) Turn to a specialist for professional help.
D) Fact-check with colleagues in their field.
53. What does the author say we can learn from social media?
A) A solid academic foundation is essential to understanding baffling scientific principles.
C) Scientific articles have gained increasing popularity among the general public.
D) The public's understanding of science is much better than some have claimed.
54. What does the example of the biologist who shared an intricate analogy show?
A) It is helpful to use illustrations in explaining scientific phenomena.
B) It is imperative to have appropriate titles to explain scientific issues.
C) A learned scholar is not necessarily a qualified science communicator.
D) A nonscientific audience cannot duly understand principles of science.
55. What does the author suggest scientists do to close the gap between science and society?
A) Explain complex concepts scientifically.
B) Make appropriate use of scientific terms.
C) Take courses in public speaking.
D) Develop communication skills.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
南 京长江大桥是长 江 上 首 座 由 中 国 设 计 、采 用 国 产 材 料 建 造 的 铁 路 、公 路 两 用 桥 ，上层
的 4 车 道 公 路 桥 长 4589米 ，下 层 的 双 轨 道 铁 路 桥 长 6772米 。铁路桥连接原来的天津一浦口
和 上 海 一 南 京 两 条 铁 路 线 ，使 火 车 过 江 从 过 去 一 个 半 小 时 缩 短 为 现 在 的 2 分 钟 。 大桥是南北
交通的重要枢纽，也是 南 京 的 著 名 景 点 之 一 。
南京长江大桥的建成 标 志 着 中 国 桥 梁 建 设 的 一 个 飞 跃 ， 大大方便了长江两岸的物资交流