2022年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












2022年 0 6 月 大 学 英 语 六 级 考 试 真 题 （第 1 套）
Part I Writing (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people choose to live an environmentally friendly
lifestyle.99 You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He is a staff writer.
B) He is an adventurer.
C) He is an author of fiction.
D) He is a father of four kids.
2. A) They are interested in fairy tales.
B) They are curious and autonomous.
C) They are a headache to their parents.
D) They are ignorant of politics.
3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance.
B) He recommends model essays to them.
C) He gives them encouragement.
D) He teaches them proofreading.
4. A) Her tastes in books changed.
B) She realized the power of reading.
C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world.
D) She began to perceive the world differently.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a website designer.
B) She is a university graduate.
6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops.
B) They were popular with her classmates.
7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it.
B) She did not like ready-made clothes.
C) She could not find clothes of her size.
D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable.
8. A) Study fashion design at college.
B) Improve her marketing strategy.
C) She is a main street store owner.
D) She is a successful entrepreneur.
C) They showed her natural talent.
D) They were mostly failures.
C) Add designs for women.
D) Expand her business.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic.
B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics.
C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health.
D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic.
10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria.
B) Bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
C) The similarity between known drugs.
D) The growing threat of bacteria to health.
11. A) Dispense with experimental testing.
B) Predict whether compounds are toxic.
C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics.
D) Combat bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) By theorization.
B) By generalization.
13. A) They are easy to detect.
B) They are well intended.
14. A) Mostly by chance.
B) Basically objective.
C) By observation.
D) By conversation.
C) They are groundless.
D) They are harmless.
C) Subject to their mental alertness.
D) Dependent on their analytical ability.
15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye.
B) Listening carefully to the speaker.
C) Measuring the speaker's breathing rate.
D) Focusing on the speaker's facial expressions.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings o f lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They don't treat patients with due respect.
B) They witness a lot of doctor-patient conflicts.https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/

00:00
28:27



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
