2022年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
2022 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Today
increasing importance is being attached to cultivating college students’ team spirit.” You can make statements, give
reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2022 年 12 月全国只考两套听力，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from
a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
American colleges and universities are using 64 percent less coal than they did a decade ago, burning
700,000 tons last year, down from 2 million tons in 2008, the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) said
in a report 26 yesterday.
All 57 schools that were burning coal in 2008 are using less now, and 20 have 27 coal completely, EIA
found.
Most universities have turned to natural gas as a 28 ,with state funding backing the fuel switch.
While academic institutions use less than 0.1 percent of U.S. coal burned for power, campus coal use has a
history dating back to the 1800s when 29 to power was scarce.
Many universities still operate their own power plants. The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978
encouraged more electricity generation by allowing institutions to sell 30 power to utilities.
But EIA noted many coal-fired universities have signed onto the American College and University
Presidents Climate Commitment, which was launched in 2007.
About 665 schools are part of the program, which aims to 31 greenhouse gas emissions. Thirty percent
of the participants have pledged to be carbon 32 within 20 years.
The Sierra Club’s Beyond Coal campaign, which also leads campaigns for universities to withdraw
their 33 in coal and other fossil fuels, lists 22 schools that have pledged to move “beyond coal,” including
Clemson University, Indiana University, Ohio University, Penn State University, the University of Louisville and
the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.
The largest coal use 34 at colleges were in Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee and Indiana. Indiana’s
universities alone cut coal 35 by 81 percent between 2008 and 2015.
During the same period, Michigan made an 80 percent cut and Tennessee cut back by 94 percent at state
institutions.
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
A. abandoned
B. access
C. consumption
D. contrive
E. duplications
F. investments
G. mobilized
H. negligent
I. neutral
J. reductions
K. released
L. replacement
M. slash
N. surplus
O. void
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Classical music aims to evolve, build audiences without alienating old guard
A. In 1913, classical music sparked a riot in Paris. Igor Stravinsky was introducing his revolutionary “Rite of
Spring” ballet to the world, with its discordant melodies and unorthodox choreography (编舞)，and the purists
in the crowd expressed their disapproval loud and clear. It might have been classical music’s version of the
time Bob Dylan went electric at the Newport Folk Festival. “The noise, fighting, and shouting in the audience
got so loud,” NPR’s music reporter Miles Hoffman said of the Stravinsky debut, “that the choreographer had to
shout out the numbers to the dancers so that they knew what they were supposed to do.”
B. It’s difficult to imagine a similar disturbance occurring today within America’s sacred symphony halls. In fact,
it’s hard to picture any kind of disruptive activity at all (unless someone’s cell phone happens to go off, and
then you’d better watch your back). A mannerly aura (氛围) hangs over most classical proceedings, and many
of the genre’s biggest supporters would have it no other way.
C. Today, Western audiences for classical music and opera and ballet are almost always well dressed, older,
respectful, achingly silent and often very wealthy (one has to be able to afford most tickets). But as many of
America’s most storied “highbrow” (高雅的) institutions struggle financially — the Philadelphia Orchestra’s
much-publicized rebound from bankruptcy is just one recent example — classical music fans and theorists are
wondering how the medium can weave itself into the 21st century’s cultural fabric without sacrificing its
integrity.
D. For example, should we feel OK “clapping” during classical music events, even if nobody else is? Why
shouldn’t we cheer for something great, like we do at a rock concert? The Huffington Post recently ran a Great
Debate on this issue and many commenters came out on the side of silence. “There is no more rewarding
experience in life than being part of an audience where everybody is leaning forward in silence, thoroughly
carried away by a great performance of a masterpiece,” one commenter wrote. “Why is it so difficult for folks
to develop an appreciation and understanding for the mannerisms and traditions of classical music?” asked
another.
E. The truth is that classical music audiences weren’t always so polite. Robert Greenberg, an award-winning
composer, said that when Beethoven first performed his 7th Symphony, audiences forced the orchestra to
perform encores (重演) of certain movements immediately, applauding wildly. And in the last few decades, he
said, many audiences at opera performances have abandoned pretenses, yelling “Bravo” when they feel like it.
F. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with an audience showing their enthusiasm for a proper moment by
applauding, showing their joy,” Greenberg said, noting that the stuffiness in concert halls is “one aspect of
contemporary concert etiquette” he doesn’t understand. “Instead of waiting half an hour to show enthusiasm,
why not show it every eight or nine minutes?”
安装App
生词本
