2023年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2023 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “When
faced with differing opinions, we should try to reach agreement through friendly discussion and
reasonable argument.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will
hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. She is attracted to the beauty of modern buildings.
B. She is preoccupied with her dream to be an architect.
C. She is influenced by her father who teaches architecture.
D. She is drawn to its integration of design and engineering.
2. A. Through hard work.
B. With the professor’s help.
C. By studying the subject online.
D. By taking prerequisite courses.
3. A. It is groundbreaking.
B. It is long-lasting.
C. It is immaterial.
D. It is immortal.
4. A. Economics.
B. Philosophy.
C. Computer science.
D. Western art.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. He has occasionally been harassed by his fans.
B. He has been guarded by a discreet assistant.
C. He is well known to the public.
D. He is a famous football coach.
6. A. Serve as a personal assistant.
B. Play a key role in Real Madrid.
C. Run common daily chores for the woman.
D. Help promote Mr. Sanchez’s public profile.
7. A. He is honest and always tells the truth.
B. He once worked part-time in university.
D. He has little previous work experience.
8. A. He has a strong ability to connect with people.
B. He has a high proficiency in several languages.
C. He has a sound knowledge of sports consultancy.
D. He has a natural capacity to cooperate with others.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They bring more benefits to young people
B. They require less supervision and training.
C. They are more suitable to young people.
D. They have fewer rules and pressures.
10. A. They prevent kids from enjoying adventure sports.
B. They help kids guard against any possible injuries.
C. They rob kids of the chance to cultivate their courage
D. They deprive kids of the opportunity to develop team spirit.
11. A. Help them take up these sports when they are more mature.
B. Let them participate in some less risky outdoor activities.
C. Ask them to try some forms of indoor sports.
D. Introduce them to these sports step by step.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Consumers often have a craving for the latest model.
B. Such products tend to comprise parts that are irreplaceable.
C. Tech firms intentionally design products to have short lifespans.
D. Manufacturers use effective strategies to promote fancier products.
13. A. Indicate the competitiveness of their products.
B. List a repairability score of their products.
C. Specify the major parts of their products.
D. Detail the life cycle of their products.
14. A. Take the initiative to reduce electronic waste.
B. Take due caution in upgrading their products.
C. Invest in constructing more recycling facilities.
D. Substitute all toxic substances with non-toxic ones.
15. A. It can be solved.
B. It is certain to worsen.
C. It will be fixed by tech companies.
D. It is unavoidable in the long run.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
00:00
27:48
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. How internet monitoring can be implemented.
B. How to encourage productive internet surfing.
C. How cyberloafing affects overall productivity.
D. How to prevent employees from cyberloafing.
17. A. Cyberloafing is a sign of workers’ laziness.
B. Cyberloafing may relieve employees of stress.
C. Employee engagement is closely related to job satisfaction.
D. Overuse of social media may lead to decline in productivity.
18. A. Taking mini-breaks means better job performance.
B. Cyberloafing generally does more harm than good.
C. Worker turnover is linked to the time allowed for cyberloafing.
D. Employees who indulge in internet surfing are most likely to quit.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. There were no wooden buildings.
B. There were environmental problems.
C. There were no trees.
D. There were few settlers.
20. A. He served as chairman of the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture.
B. He urged the state to start the Nebraska State Gardening Society.
C. He engaged himself in a large number of aesthetic projects.
D. He founded a newspaper and used it to promote his ideas.
21. A. A special prize was awarded to Julius Morton.
B. One million trees were planted throughout Nebraska.
C. The state government declared it the official Arbor Day.
D. Nebraska earned the nickname “the Tree Planters State”.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. They spread across Europe and Asia in a few decades.
C. They preferred to live in Europe rather than in Asia.
23. A. The discovery of two modern human teeth in China.
B. The traces of human migration out of Africa to Asia.
C. The human fossils discovered most recently in Africa.
D. The Luna cave in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
24. A. There must have been some reason for human migration.
B. There have been changes in animals’ living conditions.
C. Humans adapted themselves to the environment there.
D. Humans had access to abundant food sources there.
B. They believe their industry would perish without fast foods.
C. They have to strike a balance between taste and nutrition.
D. They are hooked on manufacturing convenience foods.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Chimpanzees (黑猩猩), human beings’ closest animal relatives, share up to 98% of our genes. Yet
humans and chimpanzees lead very different lives. Fewer than 300,000 wild chimpanzees live in a few
forested corners of Africa today, while humans have colonized every corner of the globe. At more than 7
billion, human population dwarfs that of nearly all other mammals — despite our physical weaknesses.
What could account for our species’ incredible evolutionary successes?
One obvious answer is our big brains. It could be that our raw intelligence gave us an unprecedented
ability to think outside the box, innovating solutions to thorny problems as people migrated across the
globe.
But a growing number of cognitive scientists and anthropologists (人类学家) are rejecting that
explanation. They think that, rather than making our living as innovators, we survive and thrive precisely
because we don’t think for ourselves. Instead, people cope with challenging climates and ecological
contexts by carefully copying others.
In a famous study, psychologists Victoria Horner and Andrew Whiten showed two groups of test
subjects — children and chimpanzees — a mechanical box with a treat inside. In one condition, the box
was opaque, while in the other it was transparent. The experimenters demonstrated how to open the box
to retrieve the treat, but they also included the irrelevant step of tapping on the box with a stick.
Oddly, the children carefully copied all the steps to open the box, even when they could see that the
stick had no practical effect. That is, they copied irrationally: Instead of doing only what was necessary to
get their reward, children slavishly imitated every action they’d witnessed.
Of course, that study only included three- and four-year-olds. But additional research has shown that
older children and adults are even more likely to mindlessly copy others’ actions, and infants are less
likely to over-imitate — that is, to precisely copy even impractical actions.
By contrast, chimpanzees in the study only over-imitated in the opaque condition. In the transparent
condition — where they saw that the stick was mechanically useless — they ignored that step entirely.
Other research has since supported these findings.
When it comes to copying, chimpanzees are more rational than human children or adults.
Where does the seemingly irrational human preference for over-imitation come from?
Anthropologist Joseph Henrich points out that people around the world rely on technologies that are often
so complex that no one can learn them rationally. Instead, people must learn them step by step, trusting in
the wisdom of more experienced elders and peers.
So the next time you hear someone arguing passionately that everyone should embrace
nonconformity and avoid imitating others, you might laugh a little bit. We’re not chimpanzees, after all.
51. What might explain humans’ having the largest population of almost all mammals?
A. They are equipped with raw strength for solving the most challenging problems.
B. They cope with the outside world more effectively than their animal relatives.
C. They possess the most outstanding ability to think.
D. They know how to survive everywhere on earth.
52. What accounts for humans’ evolutionary successes according to a growing number of cognitive
scientists and anthropologists?
A. They are better at innovating solutions.
B. They thrive through creative strategies.
C. They are naturally adaptive to ecological contexts.
D. They meet challenges by imitating others carefully.
Whiten?
A. Children irrationally imitated every action of the experimenters.
B. Chimpanzees could tell the transparent box from the opaque one.
C. Chimpanzees could retrieve the treat more quickly than children did.
D. Children omitted the step of tapping on the box with a stick to open it.
54. What is anthropologist Joseph Henrich’s explanation for the human preference for copying?
A. It originates in the rationality of people around the world.
B. It stems from the way people learn complex technologies.
C. It results from people distrusting their own wisdom.
D. It derives from the desire to acquire knowledge step by step.
55. What point does the author want to emphasize when he says “We’re not chimpanzees”?
A. It is arguable whether everyone should avoid imitation.
B. It is characteristic of human beings to copy others.
C. It is desirable to trust in more knowledgeable peers.
D. It is naive to laugh at someone embracing nonconformity.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，越来越多的中国文化产品走向全球市场，日益受到海外消费者的青睐。随着中国对
外文化贸易的快速发展，中国文化产品出口额已持续多年位居世界前列，形成了一批具有国际影
响力的文化企业、产品和品牌。数据显示，中国的出版物、影视作品、网络文学与动漫作品等在
海外的销售量连年攀升。中国政府出台了一系列政策鼓励和支持更多具有中国元素的优秀文化产
品走出国门，扩大海外市场份额，进一步提升中国文化的世界影响力。