2023年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2023 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “With their
valuable skills and experience, elderly people can continue to make significant contributions to society.” You
can make comments, cite examples or use your personal observations to develop your essay. You should write at
least 150 words but no more than 200 words (not including the sentence given).
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2023 年 12 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
Modern U.S. cities were designed to make exercise unnecessary. Cars and elevators once symbolized
urban areas as machines for more efficient living. Now it is clear that these improvements provide great
benefits but also 26 health costs. Recent studies show that urban 27 encourages more driving and is
associated with heavier weight. This 28 suggests that the layout and design of cities can hinder or
promote healthier lifestyle choices and it is 29 that urban planners bear this in mind.
Unfortunately, urban planning still centers in large part on solving the problems of the past. Of course
restricting heavy truck traffic through 31 residential areas. But it’s also important to create healthier cities
— and the discussion is already underway. More and more city planners are paying increasing attention to
encouraging physical activity by making it easier and safer for people to recreate, walk, bike and take public
transportation. Many studies of 32 show that people live the longest in environments where physical
activity is part of everyday life.
Providing more walkable spaces, better protected bike lanes and more 33 spaces are important steps.
But even smaller changes can be effective.
Cities can close off streets on weekends to encourage communities to get out and walk. They also can
provide more seating in public places, so that less-fit residents can rest during their journeys. Using public
spaces in cities as places where people can exercise promotes 34 , rather than allowing physical activity
to become restricted to private gyms with often-expensive monthly fees that 35 less wealthy people from
joining.
A. correlation
B. dense
C. deter
D. equity
E. foster
F. imperative
G. impose
H. irrespective
I. longevity
J. navigate
K. recreational
L. rotten
M. sprawl
N. vibrate
O. vicinity
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Can Learning a Foreign Language Prevent Dementia?
A. You may have heard that learning another language is one method for preventing or at least postponing the
onset of dementia. Dementia refers to the loss of cognitive abilities, and one of its most common forms is
Alzheimer’s disease (阿尔茨海默氏病). At this time, the causes of the disease are not well understood,
and consequently, there are no proven steps that people can take to prevent it. Nonetheless, some
researchers have suggested that learning a foreign language might help delay the onset of dementia.
and the aging brain. First of all, dementia is not an inevitable part of the normal aging process. Most older
adults do not develop Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. It is also important to remember
that dementia is not the same thing as normal forgetfulness. At any age, we might experience difficulty
finding the exact word we want or have trouble remembering the name of the person we just met. People
with dementia have more serious problems, like feeling confused or getting lost in a familiar place. Think
of it this way: If you forget where you parked your car at the mall, that’s normal; if you forget how to drive
a car, that may be a signal that something more serious is going on.
C. The idea that dementia can be prevented is based on the comparison of the brain to a muscle. When people
mentally fit, you have to give your brain a workout.” Although these are colorful analogies, in reality the
brain is not a muscle. Unlike muscles, the brain is always active and works even during periods of rest and
sleep. In addition, although some muscle cells have a lifespan of only a few days, brain cells last a lifetime.
Not only that, but it has been shown that new brain cells are being created throughout one’s lifespan.
D. While it makes for a colorful analogy, comparing the brain to a muscle is inaccurate and misleading. So, if
the brain is not a muscle, can it still be exercised? Once again, researchers don’t know for sure. There are
now many computer, online, and mobile device applications that claim to be able to “train your brain,” and
they typically tap into a variety of cognitive abilities. However, research suggests that although this type of
training may improve one’s abilities at the tasks themselves, they don’t seem to improve other abilities. In
other words, practicing a letter-detection task will, over time, improve your letter-detection skills, but it
will not necessarily enhance your other perceptual abilities.
E. However, there is some reason to believe that learning languages might be different. The best evidence that
foreign language learning confers cognitive benefits comes from research with those who are already
bilingual (双语的). Bilingualism most commonly occurs when children are exposed to two languages,
安装App
生词本
bilingualism certainly occurs in adulthood as well.
F. Bilingualism and multilingualism are actually more common than you might think. In fact, it has been
estimated that there are fewer monolingual speakers in the world than bilinguals and multilinguals.
Although in many countries most inhabitants share just one language, other countries have several official
languages. Switzerland, for example, has four official languages: German, French, Italian, and Romansh.
Throughout large parts of Africa, Arabic, Swahili, French, and English are often known and used by
bilingualism and multilingualism are to be found throughout the world. And with regard to cognitive
abilities, the research on those who speak more than one language paints an encouraging picture.
G. For one thing, bilinguals are better at multitasking. One explanation of this superiority is that speakers of
two languages are continually inhibiting one of their languages, and this process of inhibition confers
general cognitive benefits to other activities. In fact, bilingual individuals outperform their monolingual
counterparts on a variety of cognitive tasks, such as following complex instructions, and switching to new
instructions. For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that the advantages of being bilingual are not
universal across all cognitive domains. Bilingual individuals have been shown to have smaller
vocabularies and to take longer in retrieving words from memory when compared to monolinguals. In the
long run, however, the cognitive and linguistic advantages of being bilingual far outweigh these two
drawbacks.
H. If the benefits of being bilingual spill over to other aspects of cognition, then we would expect to see a
lower incidence of Alzheimer’s disease in bilinguals than in monolinguals, or at least a later onset of
Alzheimer’s for bilinguals. In fact, there is evidence to support this claim. The psychologist Ellen
Bialystok and her colleagues obtained the histories of 184 individuals who had made use of a memory
clinic in Toronto. For those who showed signs of dementia, the monolinguals in the sample had an average
age of 71.4 years at time of onset. The bilinguals, in contrast, received their diagnosis at 75.5 years, on
average. In a study of this sort, a difference of four years is highly significant, and could not be explained
by other systematic differences between the two groups. For example, the monolinguals reported, on
average, a year and a half more schooling than their bilingual counterparts, so the effect was clearly not
due to formal education.
I. A separate study, conducted in India, found strikingly similar results: bilingual patients developed
symptoms of dementia 4.5 years later than monolinguals, even after other potential factors, such as gender
and occupation, were controlled for. In addition, researchers have reported other positive effects of
bilingualism for cognitive abilities in later life, even when the person acquired the language in adulthood.
Crucially, Bialystok suggested that the positive benefits of being bilingual were only found in those who
used both languages all the time.
J. But encouraging as these kinds of studies are, they still have not established exactly how or why
differences between bilinguals and monolinguals exist. Because these studies looked back at the histories
of people who were already bilingual, the results can only say that a difference between the two groups
was found, but not why that difference occurred. Further research is needed to determine what caused the
differences in age of onset between the two groups.
K. Other studies of successful aging suggest that being connected to one’s community and having plenty of
social interaction is also important in delaying or even preventing the onset of dementia. Once again,
however, the results are far less clear than the popular media might lead you to believe. Older individuals
50. Why are researchers advised to engage the services of professional writers or communication officers?
A. To satisfy ethics committees’ mandatory requirements of researchers.
B. To translate their study into languages accessible to readers overseas.
C. To make their publications correctly understood by the public.
D. To render their findings acceptable by prominent journals.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Spiders make their presence felt in late August and through early autumn. This is the mating season of
some of the most common varieties, when male house spiders come out of hidden corners to look for females,
and garden spiders reach adult size and spin their most dazzling webs.
Yet while the spider is a familiar fixture of nursery poems or songs and Halloween decorations, its
relationship with humans is complicated. Fear of spiders is common and has serious impacts on the lives of
sufferers. Its prevalence appears unrelated to any rational assessment of risk. Spiders in the UK are almost all
harmless. Farmland species perform valuable ecosystem services, by preying on insects that are our
competitors for crops. But they are a constant source of human anxieties — with a cultural association with
witches and wickedness dating back to the middle ages.
crisis? British butterflies are the most studied group of insects in the world, due to the long tradition of
collecting and observing them. But spider conservationists point out that it was only in the 1980s that the
gathered by experiments that measure the numbers hitting windscreens or traps, there have been few attempts
to count spiders.
The huge reductions in the numbers of flying insects can only mean a reduction in spiders’ food supply.
A recent landmark study identified a 75% fall in insect populations between 1989 and 2016, with pesticide
use thought to be to blame along with the destruction of wild areas for development. This means the overall
varieties that are threatened due to habitat loss and fragmentation, which makes it impossible for them to
migrate.
Of around 650 spider species regularly recorded in the UK, the majority thrive in marshes and wasteland.
Conservation efforts, often led by determined individuals, have helped some species to recover by
reintroducing them to new areas. With rewilding now firmly on the environmental policy agenda, the hope is
that in future, spiders will be enabled to migrate by themselves, adapting to climate change by moving along
wildlife corridors.
It seems unlikely that spiders will ever attract the same level of human enthusiasm as bees, birds or
butterflies, in spite of their unique status as nature’s spinners. But as they reveal themselves in all their
splendour this autumn, it would be a good thing if more animal lovers recognised the ways in which spiders
are simply terrific.
A. They have been generally misconceived.
B. They have adversely impacted crop growth.
C. They have been a constant reminder of bad luck.
D. They have made their presence felt when spinning webs.
52. What have spiders been associated with in the UK for centuries?
A. Harm. B. Evil. C. Suffering. D. Aggression.
53. What partly accounts for the reduction in spiders’ food supply?
A. The long tradition of collecting insects.
B. Fast reproduction of their competitors.
C. Chemicals used for killing insects.
D. The extinction of a lot of wildlife.
54. What does the passage say is conservationists’ biggest worry?
A. A variety of spiders are threatened due to pollution of marshes and wasteland.
C. An increasing number of spiders are being killed by deadly pesticides.
D. More and more spider species are found losing their ability to migrate.
55. What wish does the author express close to the end of the passage?
A. More people would recognise spiders’ unique status in the ecosystem.
B. People would show greater enthusiasm for spiders than for butterflies.
C. There would be sufficient corridors for spiders to move along.
D. There would be more people appreciating spiders’ splendour.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，中国老龄人口持续增长。中国政府正采取各种措施，推进养老服务体系建设，使老年人晚
年生活健康幸福。全国兴建了各类养老服务机构。为了提升养老机构的服务质量，政府颁布了一系列标
准，加强对养老机构的监管。许多城市为方便老年人用餐，开设了社区食堂，为他们提供价格实惠的饭
菜。行动不便的老年人还能享受上门送餐服务。同时，中国还在积极探索居家和社区养老等其他养老模
式，以确保所有老年人老有所养。