2023年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
2023 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Today
there is a growing awareness that mental well-being needs to be given as much attention as physical
health.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
提示：2023 年 6 月全国只考两套听力，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension ( 40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words
in the bank more than once.
Imagine sitting down to a big dinner: a massive steak, a large portion of fried potatoes, and cake for
dessert. After eating so much, you should be too full to eat another bite. But some people experience a
powerful urge to keep eating, even after 26 in a huge meal, a behavior that makes little sense, as
most adults are well-versed in the dangers of obesity, which researchers have shown correlates with 27
health issues and is even linked to increased 28 risk. But some people still keep eating long after
they should stop, a phenomenon Dr. Susan Thompson calls “insatiable ( 永不 满 足的) hunger.” It is
characterized by two main 29 : not being satisfied by eating, and having a desire to stay sedentary (久
坐不动的).
This is at 30 with how humans are biologically programmed. When there was a great deal of
food available, ancient people would gorge on calories; this massive calorie intake was accompanied by
an urge to get active. Humans were also programmed for something called “compensation,” which is the
brain’s 31 mechanism for preventing the accumulation of excess weight. With compensation, if you
eat one large meal in the morning, you are naturally 32 to eat less for the rest of the day.
But recent studies show that 70% of American adults have lost the ability to naturally compensate
for the calories they consume; worse 33 , a significant number of them report 34 hunger halfway
through an eating session, but, by the end of the meal, they feel the same or higher levels of hunger than
when they sat down. Dr. Thompson argues that the main cause of this phenomenon is the modern diet,
which is 35 of food high in sugar, carbohydrates and calories.
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/
A. attributes
B. comprised
C. conceded
D. conservation
E. diminishing
F. far
G. inclined
H. indulging
I. innumerable
J. mortality
K. odds
L. plights
M. regulatory
N. still
O. unmatchable
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Problem with Being Perfect
A. When psychologist Jessica Pryor lived near an internationally renowned university, she once saw a
student walking into a library holding a sleeping bag and a coffee maker. She has heard of graduate
students spending 12 to 18 hours at a time in the lab. Their schedules are meant to be literally
punishing: If they are scientists-in-training, they won’t allow themselves to watch Netflix until their
experiments start generating results. “Relationships become estranged ( 疏 远 的 ) — people stop
inviting them to social gatherings or dinner parties, which leads them to spend even more time in the
lab,” Pryor told me.
B. Along with other therapists, Pryor, who is now with the Family Institute at Northwestern University, is
trying to sound the alarm about a tendency among young adults and college students to strive for
perfection in their work — sometimes at any cost. Though it is often portrayed as a positive trait,
Pryor and others say extreme perfectionism can lead to depression, anxiety, and even suicide.
C. What’s more, perfectionism seems to be on the rise. In a study of thousands of American, Canadian,
and British college students published earlier this year, Thomas Curran of the University of Bath and
Andrew Hill of York St. John University found that today’s college students report higher levels of
perfectionism than college students did during the 1990s or early 2000s. They measured three types of
perfectionism: self-oriented, or a desire to be perfect; socially prescribed, or a desire to live up to
others’ expectations; and other-oriented, or holding others to unrealistic standards. From 1989 to 2016,
they found, self-oriented perfectionism scores increased by 10 percent, socially prescribed scores rose
by 33 percent, and other-oriented perfectionism increased by 16 percent.
D. A person living with an other-oriented perfectionist might feel criticized by the perfectionist spouse
for not doing household chores exactly the “right” way. “One of the most common things couples
argue about is the proper way of loading the dishwasher,” says Amy Bach, a psychologist in
Providence, Rhode Island.
E. Curran describes socially prescribed perfectionism as “My self-esteem is contingent on what other
people think.” His study didn’t examine the causal reasons for its rise, but he assumes that the rise of
both standardized testing and social media might play a role. These days, LinkedIn alerts us when our
安装App
生词本
