2024年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2024年12月英语六级真题(第1套)












7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Horror is pleasurable to many people because it lets us play with negative emotions and develop coping strategies.
We learn what it feels like to be truly afraid, and we learn how to handle negative emotion.
How, then, does horror work? My research suggests that horror works by exploiting an ancient set of biological
defence mechanisms — an evolved fear system, which we share with other animals. But humans are uniquely
imaginative, and we use our evolved imagination to travel into virtual worlds that are full of danger.
There are good reasons for watching a horror film, even if you’re not a loyal horror fan. If you make it through
the film in one piece, you’ll probably experience a strong sense of mastery, a sense that you were able to make it
through an appalling experience. Anyway, watching a horror film makes you better at handling your own fear, and
who knows when that will become critically relevant?
46. The alien finds the audience in the movie theatre clearly in a state of _____
A. total mindfulness.
B. extreme excitement.
C. spiritual elevation.
D. intense curiosity.
47. Why do many people seek out scary entertainment, according to the author’s research?
A. They gain experience in overcoming horror in real life.
B. They find joy in going through simulated horrible experiences.
C. They have learned from hide-and-seek as kids the thrill involved.
D. They have evolved to gain pleasure in escaping life-threatening situations.
48. What do children learn from hide-and-seek?
A. How to avoid falling prey to an attacker.
B. How to simulate a predator-prey interaction.
C. How to keep themselves from catastrophic errors.
D. How to turn a dangerous scenario into a safe one.
49. Why is horror gratifying to many people?
A. It reminds them of an ancient set of biological defence mechanisms.
B. It triggers their imagination to travel into dangerous virtual worlds.
C. It allows them to learn what fear feels like and how to tackle it.
D. It activates their evolved fear system and their unique fantasy.
50. What will one experience if they watch a horror film through without being hurt?
A. A strong sense of clear relevance.
B. A profound sense of good fortune.
C. A profound sense of intense relief.
D. A strong sense of being in control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
An awakening has been taking place in the physical world against the beauty model that has been dictated to us
for years. But in the digital arena, social media determines what is considered beautiful.
The two opposing struggles are taking place in parallel. In the physical world, the struggle goes against the
underlying pressure exerted on women to conform to an unrealistic beauty ideal. As part of the struggle, various
media outlets have presented women whose bodies don’t correspond to the so-called ideal. All those women who had
previously been excluded from the covers of magazines, television series and the public agenda, have become
“legitimate”. At the same time, a group of influencers have begun to upload to social media photos of themselves
without makeup, and even photos in which they highlight supposed flaws.
Technology has reshaped our beauty ideal and is doing a great job communicating that message to the masses.
One of the bizarre legacies of the past decade is the popularity of the “cyborg look”, which illustrates what Americans
will look like in 2050.
The cyborg look spread rapidly. Today, however, the Instagram face has become the new beauty ideal.
The internalization of accepted beauty norms is much more effective when there is active involvement in the
8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
learning process. The active involvement of users is reflected in the gamified (游戏化的) interaction offered by the
social media platforms — the ability to like, write a comment, compare, share.
Once the desired beauty ideal has been internalized, users are given tools or features to change their appearance
to suit the accepted beauty ideal such as editing the image, choosing the ideal filter, the right background.
A survey conducted in the United States revealed that more than 50% filter the images before posting them. And
you will not be surprised to hear that the majority of them are women. One of the significant consequences of
obsessive filtering is the emerging tendency to treat oneself as an object to be observed and valued, in the same way
another person observes and judges from the side.
The effect of the filters is already far beyond amiable amusement. The filters and the entire game played on the
networks affect the mental health of the users. According to a study, apps like Instagram, Snapchat and Face Tune
allow users to achieve a level of perfection that was previously only observed in beauty magazines.
Even though humanity has always cherished beauty, in the last decade our obsession with looks has reached an
unprecedented peak. The time spent on social media creates an urge to achieve an impossible beauty ideal so powerful
that the only thing that can fix it is not cosmetic intervention, but mental health care.
51. What do we learn about beauty in the digital arena?
A It dictates the taste of digital media.
B. It has been in the making for years.
C. It has ushered in a new awakening.
D. It is defined by social media.
52. What does the passage say about beauty in the physical world?
A. Women are under constant pressure to keep up with beauty models.
B. Women are encouraged to pursue a beauty ideal that has never existed.
C. A fight is going on to remove pressure on women to conform to an absurd beauty ideal.
D. Media outlets have begun to present as beauty models trendy women without any makeup.
53. What do we learn from the passage about the Instagram face?
A It is now regarded as the new beauty ideal.
B. It is what most women will go after in 2050.
C. It is being much talked about on social media.
D. It is a perfect illustration of the ultimate beauty.
54. What has obsessive filtering resulted in?
A. A good many women striving to reach an impossible level of perfection.
B. An urge to turn the entire game played on the network to one’s advantage.
C. A tendency to regard one’s body as an object of observation and judgment.
D. An increasing number of women filtering their images before uploading them.
55. What does the author want to emphasize at the end of the passage regarding Americans’ obsession with looks?
A. Cosmetic surgery should be made more accessible to the masses.
B. Psychological intervention should be introduced to alleviate it.
C. Their time spent on social media should be strictly controlled.
D. Its root cause should be meticulously examined and analyzed.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
 Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
北斗（Beidou）卫星导航系统的成功研制是中国自改革开放以来取得的一项重大科技成就。研发人员经过
不懈努力，攻克了一系列技术难题，北斗系统最终实现了全球覆盖和高精度定位，使中国成为世界上少数几个
独立拥有全球卫星导航系统的国家之一。北斗系统已广泛应用于交通运输、灾害救援、天气预报、公共安全等
诸多领域。北斗系统现在已经在国际上得到广泛认可，开始为越来越多的国家和地区提供优质服务。

00:00
27:44



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
