2024年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
2024 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “College
provides a great opportunity for students to explore various possibilities and find the right path for themselves.”
You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2024 年 12 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
About 23% of the global population lives in absolute poverty. In developing countries there is a low life
expectancy, a high infant 26 rate, high levels of unemployment and illiteracy, nutritional levels below
acceptable standards and widespread disease with very little or poor quality medical assistance. Others
live 27 wealthy and luxurious lives and so the wealth is distributed in a very 28 manner. These are the
central problems to questions of charity though charity also includes many other areas such as assisting the elderly.
We all 29 when very rich people pledge to give away most of their billions, but they are usually left
with millions to pass on, still much more than most people would expect to earn in their lifetime. Even
comparatively 30 salaries in the west are very high when compared globally. Someone on £20,000 could
easily afford to give away £2,000 per year and still have plenty to live on plus some luxuries.
Most people agree that giving to charity is morally 31 but charitable behaviour tends to be regarded as
above and beyond the call of duty. Some argue, however, that charitable behaviour is morally required. This
means that to fail to behave charitably would be wrong. The majority of arguments in this vein refer to giving
aid to poorer nations but they may also refer to giving time within one’s 32 community. Arguments tend
to place different requirements on people in different income brackets and 33 entirely people who are
merely making ends meet. Some argue that people should all contribute a certain percentage of their earnings. I
will 34 together all those arguments that place a moral requirement on people to give to charity, despite the
fact that there is wide disagreement as to the 35 of that moral requirement.
A. applaud
B. casualty
C. exclude
D. extent
E. group
F. hierarchical
G. immediate
H. incredibly
I. moderate
J. mortality
K. overt
L. praiseworthy
M. probe
N. sceptically
O. unequal
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Free-Trade Paradox
A. Trade is one of the policy areas where the hostility that exists between populists (民粹主义者) and classical
liberals is most visible. Free-traders point to the undeniable good that tariff-free trade has done for consumers
across the world and to the observable alleviation of poverty in corners of the world where previously closed
markets have been opened up. Protectionists point to the domestic producers who’ve paid the price for this
globalized economy in the form of lost livelihoods and hollowed-out communities.
B. The ongoing conservative civil war often degenerates into content-free tribal warfare, but trade is a rare
exception. There are substantial, thought-out policy proposals on both sides of the argument.
C. Consequently, trade as a topic of discussion provides an opportunity for liberals and populists to have a real
meeting of minds. Fruitful debates might actually take place in this area, as opposed to the familiar ritual we’ve
become accustomed to of condemnation met with counter-condemnation.
D. Strange as it might sound, the problem with trade in the modern world isn’t a matter of dollars and cents. It’s a
matter of false consciousness. This observation is bound to set Marxist alarm bells ringing in the minds of
some readers, but it was first made by Alexis de Tocqueville in 1840.
E. Tracking the economic development of mankind from primitive to modern societies, Tocqueville observed a
paradox unfolding over the centuries as economic realities and human experience of those realities strayed
further and further from each other. In primitive societies, he notes, the division of labor was as yet
undeveloped for the most part, requiring each person, family, or tribe to be relatively independent when it came
to meeting their own basic material needs. Men built their own dwellings, farmed their own land, tended to
their own livestock. This is not to deny that basic forms of trade took place, but, for the most part, our
primitive ancestors lived fairly self-reliant, if crushingly poor, lives.
F. However, the exclusively local and face-to-face nature of economic and political organization in the ancient
and prehistoric worlds constantly impressed upon these primitive peoples the uncontrollable reality of others
and their needs. As Tocqueville notes, “as soon as a man begins to deal with common affairs in public, he
begins to perceive that he is not so independent of his fellow men as he had first imagined, and that in order to
obtain their support he must often lend them his cooperation.”
G. At the advent of the modern world, the division of labor spread further and further throughout society. Each
person became more and more dependent on others for their basic needs. And yet, robbed of the engagement
with our neighbors and with our local communities that our ancestors were forced into by circumstance, we
feel ourselves to be more and more independent of one another. As we become more and more dependent on
others, we become less and less conscious of our dependence on others. This is the paradox of trade in the
modern world.
H. The false consciousness that this paradox generates causes havoc on the debates we have about free trade.
There is scarcely a single commodity in any American household that isn’t dependent for its manufacture and
sale, through one supply chain or another, on scores of different people spread out across the entire globe. But
as Tocqueville already foresaw in 1840, we do not feel dependent on these strangers for our way of life. No
sense of the dependence of our own material welfare on their work ever strikes our national consciousness. We
rarely contemplate the globalized avenues of free trade with gratitude.
安装App
生词本
