2024年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2024年12月英语六级真题(第2套)












7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
growing into megacities, but the future of the countryside is less clear.
46. What has become of the rural areas nowadays?
A. They are becoming somewhat deserted.
B. They are being increasingly urbanised.
C. They are closely-knit communities.
D. They are haunted by conservatism.
47. What does the author think of the rural lifestyle?
A. It is unlikely to survive given the on-going changes.
B. It is less energy-efficient compared to that in cities.
C. It is highly dependent upon heavy automobiles.
D. It is a choice more affluent people will endorse.
48. What does the author think of rich urban residents buying a second home in the countryside?
A. It is bound to mar the traditional rural life.
B. It adversely impacts rural social stability.
C. It hinders rural economies’ revitalisation.
D. It is detrimental to rural preservation.
49. What do we learn about the countryside with industrialisation and technological advances?
A. It is destined to change gradually.
B. It will present an idealised way of life.
C. It is likely to embrace foreign cultures.
D. It will become increasingly diversified.
50. What does the author think of the future of the countryside compared with cities?
A. It is going to be harder for the locals.
B. It is going to resemble that of cities.
C. It is less likely to stay static.
D. It is less easy to envisage.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Statements, like “beauty is in the eye of the beholder (观看者)”, are rarely questioned. They’ve become so
embedded in our consciousness that people think it’s absurd to think otherwise. It might be useful, however, to at
least push back on this assumption because people evaluate environment, situations, and people aesthetically. We
may find that we still believe it is correct, but we may also find that there is a lot more to the situation than you
suppose.
A recent study exploring aesthetic taste was published in Cognition. The results from this study show that
people agree very much in their aesthetic evaluation of natural objects, but they disagree more about artifacts, or
human-made objects.
The study found that shared taste was most common for faces and natural landscapes, but least common
among works of architecture and art. The hypothesis is the commonly pleasing features, like proportion or
symmetry, are at work.
Preferences for natural scenes might be learned through life experiences. Factors like habitability, safety, and
openness might be preferred as people develop. Some of the details of landscapes change, but the basics are more
common, e.g., water, open spaces, and signs of care.
Art and architecture, unlike natural spaces, do not have the same level of exposure. So, people do not have
the same level of shared taste.
It’s possible that the lower amount of agreement in the shared taste of artifacts has to do more with elements
of style, rather than “behavioral consequences”.
All of the consequences seem reasonable (or at least possible), but I think there might be an interesting
philosophical conclusion that they did not draw. It seems that there is an objective ground to our aesthetic
preferences or evaluations. I am not saying this would mean beauty is completely objective, just that there could
possibly be general objective principles at work, i.e., beauty is not simply in the eye of the beholder.
8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Nature exhibits some of the universal aesthetic features, such as radiance, in a common way throughout the
world. It’s not exactly the same everywhere, but it is common. For example, a sunset is similar enough in different
places to warrant almost universal appeal.
Possible universal principles of beauty — such as proportion, fittingness, radiance, and others — are general
categories, which allow for a wide array of embodiments. When people get involved in making artifacts in
architecture or art, they apply these very general concepts in unique ways. But the way they applied the principle
may not have universal appeal.
This is why it’s important to experience diverse cultures and their artifacts because it opens us up to different
ways of approaching or constructing beauty. And it is always good to question our assumptions.
51. What does the passage say about the statement “beauty is in the eye of the beholder”?
A. It has hardly ever been disputed.
B. It can be interpreted aesthetically.
C. Many people have found it absurd.
D. People have long been misled by it.
52. What does a recent study exploring aesthetic taste show?
A. Aesthetic tastes tend to differ from person to person.
B. Natural beauty is rarely surpassed by artificial beauty.
C. There is less consensus on objects shaped by human craft.
D. There is general agreement on what is pleasing to the eye.
53. Why do people differ in their aesthetic appraisal of artifacts?
A. They come out in a great variety of designs.
B. They lead to varying behavioral consequences.
C. They take up much less natural space than landscapes.
D. They come into people’s view less often than natural spaces.
54. What does the example of sunset tell about nature?
A. It creates a powerful appeal through its brilliant radiance.
B. It displays aesthetic traits in a similar way the world over.
C. It embodies beauty with a wide array of aesthetic features.
D. It establishes the principles of beauty in a number of ways.
55. Why do artifacts not always hold universal appeal?
A. The appreciation of their beauty is not subject to objective standards.
B. The universal principle of beauty prevents a wide array of embodiments.
C. The way their creators apply the principle of beauty may not be pleasing to everybody.
D. Their creators interpret the universal principle of beauty each in their preferred way.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
 Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
洋山港 (Yangshan Port) 是上海航运中心的重要组成部分，是中国第一个深水港，也是世界上规模最大
的深水港之一。经过近 20 年的发展，洋山港已实现高度自动化。数字技术和人工智能的使用大大减少了用
工成本和碳排放。自主研发的码头管理系统可以在百公里之外对大型设备进行远程操控。洋山港看上去一
片繁忙，现场却见不到人工操作，而且能够 24 小时不间断运作。洋山港将不断发展，为把上海建成一个全
球航运中心做出更大贡献。

00:00
27:38



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
