2024年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
2024 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Nowadays,
cultivating independent learning ability is becoming increasingly crucial for personal development.” You can make
comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words. (You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.)
Part II
播放听力
 Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Read numerous comments users put online.
B. Blended all his food without using a machine.
C. Searched for the state-of-the-art models of blenders.
D. Did thorough research on the price of kitchen appliances.
2. A. Eating any blended food.
B. Buying a blender herself.
C. Using machines to do her cooking.
D. Making soups and juices for herself.
3. A. Cooking every meal creatively in the kitchen.
B. Paying due attention to his personal hygiene.
C. Eating breakfast punctually every morning.
D. Making his own fresh fruit juice regularly.
4. A. One-tenth of it is sugar.
B. It looks healthy and attractive.
C. One’s fancy may be tickled by it.
D. It contains an assortment of nutrients.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. How he has made himself popular as the mayor of Berkton.
B. How the residents will turn Berkton into a tourist attraction.
C. How charming he himself considers the village of Berkton to be.
D. How he has led people of Berkton to change the village radically.
6. A. It was developed only to a limited extent.
B. It was totally isolated as a sleepy village.
C. It was relatively unknown to the outside.
D. It was endowed with rare natural resources.
7. A. All the properties in Berkton were designed by the same architect.
B. The majority of residents lived in harmony with their neighbours.
C. The majority of residents enjoyed cosy housing conditions.
D. All the houses in Berkton looked aesthetically similar.
8. A. They have helped boost the local economy.
B. They have made the residents unusually proud.
C. They have contributed considerably to its popularity.
D. They have brought happiness to everyone in the village.
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They have created the smallest remote-controlled walking robot in the world.
B. They are going to publish their research findings in the journal Science Robotics.
C. They are the first to build a robot that can bend, crawl, walk, turn and even jump.
D. They are engaged in research on a remote-controlled robot which uses special power.
10. A. It changes its shape by complex hardware.
B. It is operated by a special type of tiny motor.
C. It moves from one place to another by memory.
D. It is powered by the elastic property of its body.
11. A. Replace humans in exploratory tasks.
B. Perform tasks in tightly confined spaces.
C. Explore the structure of clogged arteries.
D. Assist surgeons in highly complex surgery.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. She threw up in the bathroom.
B. She slept during the entire ride.
C. She dozed off for a few minutes.
D. She boasted of her marathon race.
13. A. They are mostly immune to cognitive impairment.
B. They can sleep soundly during a rough ride at sea.
C. They are genetically determined to need less sleep.
D. They constitute about 13 percent of the population.
14. A. Whether there is a way to reach elite status.
B. Whether it is possible to modify one’s genes.
C. Whether having a baby impacts one’s passion.
D. Whether one can train themselves to sleep less.
15. A. It is in fact quite possible to nurture a passion for sleep.
B. Babies can severely disrupt their parents’ sleep patterns.
C. Being forced to rise early differs from being an early bird.
D. New parents are forced to jump out of bed at the crack of dawn.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. We have poor awareness of how many controversial issues are being debated
B. No one knows better than yourself what you are thinking about at the moment.
C. No one can change your opinions more than those who speak in a convincing tone.
D. We are likely to underestimate how much we can be swayed by a convincing article.
17. A. Their belief about physical punishment changed.
B. Their memory pushed them toward a current belief.
C. The memory of their initial belief came back to them.
D. Their experiences of physical punishment haunted them.
18. A. They apparently have little to do with moderate beliefs.
B. They don’t reflect the changes of view on physical punishment.
C. They may not apply to changes to extreme or deeply held beliefs.
D. They are unlikely to alter people’s position without more evidence.

00:00
25:49



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
