2024年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
2024 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “There is a
growing awareness of the importance of digital literacy and skills in today’s world.” You can make comments, cite
examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words. (You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.)
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2024 年 6 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The Sun Is Also a Star is a truly lovely story of love, romance, fate, and destiny.
Natasha is a Jamaican-born immigrant living 26 in America, not by choice exactly. Her parents
brought her over and created the situation she 27 to be out of.
Daniel is an American born of Korean immigrants. He believes in true love, fate, and all that other
nonsense that Natasha 28 through scientific reasoning.
Daniel and Natasha meet by 29 on the streets of New York on the day that she is to be 30 . She
doesn’t tell him that but does allow him to keep her company while he tries to get her to fall in love with him
over the course of the day.
Natasha is me. I found her so similar to myself. She’s scientifically-minded, practical, somewhat cynical,
and always 31 . Her obsession with the universe through a scientific lens is infectious and I 32 Daniel
seeing that too.
Daniel is charming and passionate and has a way with words that even 33 Natasha’s tough outer shell.
By the end of the book I fell in love with both of them.
I used to find romance stories to always be cheap or laughable. I think now I can see the value in escaping
into a story of pure optimism. I got 34 in The Sun Is Also a Star and finished it cover to cover in a weekend.
I couldn’t wait to get to what I hoped would be a happy ending.
It’s nice every once in a while to give in to magic. It doesn’t have to be a hard fantasy novel with actual
spells, it can be the magic found between two people who just have that special something. That 35 that
causes them to react and spark when they’re near each other.
A. adore
B. appraise
C. assaults
D. chemistry
E. coincidence
F. cracks
G. deported
H. dismisses
I. illegally
J. lost
K. perpetually
L. prescribed
M. shrewd
N. skeptical
O. strives
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
These are the habits to avoid if you want to make a behavior change
A. According to recent research, behavioral change involves physical changes in the brain. In the past decade,
researchers have shown that when it comes to the duration of making a new behavior a deep-rooted habit
there is not a simple answer. Even for the most productive and disciplined among us, undoing something that
has become an automatic part of who we are takes more than an overnight effort. Once we’ve successfully
made that change, we then have to make other adjustments to our lives to ensure that we continue to
maintain it, which is often a whole other challenge in itself.
B. At its core, success in changing and maintaining a behavior rarely occurs without the introduction of some
sort of system. When there isn’t the right framework in place, we face a greater likelihood of derailing our
hard-earned progress. To ensure success in changing and maintaining a behavior, we should stay away from
some detrimental habits.
C. The first one to avoid is relying on willpower. Think about the last time you vowed to resist a temptation.
Perhaps you didn’t want to check your phone every 15 minutes, or you were determined not to reach for a
chocolate bar at 3 p.m. Think about how difficult it must have been not to glance at your phone when it was
within reach, or not to walk to the vending machine when your afternoon slump hit.
D. The research on whether we have finite or infinite willpower is inconclusive, but experts do generally agree
that you can’t change and sustain a habit if you rely on your willpower alone. The old military saying “You
never rise to the occasion, you only sink to the level of training” also applies to behavior change. The idea is
simple — you repeat something so many times that it becomes automatic.
E. Think about what else you can change about your surrounding that makes it easier for you to perform this
change on a daily basis. This is called your “cue.” Basically, it’s a trigger to perform that particular habit. If
you don’t want to reach for a sugary treat at 3 p.m., have a box of herbal tea ready at your desk. When 3 p.m.
comes around, that’s your cue to pour yourself a cup of hot water and drink that tea, instead of walking to the
vending machine.
F. The second one to avoid is focusing on negative goals. Sometimes, it’s not your process that lets you down,
but the habit that you want to change in the first place. For starters, not eating chocolate to beat your
afternoon slump is a harder goal than swapping chocolate for herbal tea when you reach the designated time.
Your brain wants to find routines that have succeeded in the past and allow you to repeat those actions again
in the future without having to think about them explicitly. However, this habit-learning system isn’t so
effective when it comes to learning not to do something. That’s why rather than giving up something, think
about introducing something in its place. Focus on actions you are going to take that will ultimately conflict
with the behaviors you want to stop. When your attention is on doing something new, you give your habit
system a chance to operate.
G. The third one to avoid is using the same strategies in different circumstances. Because we are creatures of
habit, it’s natural to assume that when we do manage to adopt and sustain a desirable behavior, that same
strategy will work when we want to make another behavior change. But that’s not always the case.
Sometimes, the system that got you to change one behavior might not work for another.
安装App
生词本
