2025年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2025 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “With the
increasing application of AI technology, there is a growing concern that it may negatively impact human
creativity.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2025 年 6 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
No beast on Earth is tougher than the tiny tardigrade (缓步类动物). It can 26 being frozen at −272º Celsius,
being exposed to the vacuum of outer space and even being 27 with 500 times the dose of X-rays that would
kill a human. In other words, the creature can endure conditions that don’t even exist on Earth. And researchers are
looking to the microscopic animals to learn how to prepare humans and crops to handle the 28 of space travel.
The tardigrade’s indestructibility stems from its 29 to its environment — which may seem surprising, since
it lives in 30 comfortable places, like the cool, wet patches of moss (青苔) that dot a garden wall.
for most living things. It does damage to cells in some of the same ways that freezing, vacuum and radiation do.
Tardigrades, however, have 32 special strategies for dealing with these kinds of damage.
As a tardigrade dries out, its cells produce several strange proteins that are unlike anything found in other
animals. In water, the proteins are shapeless. But as water disappears, the proteins self-assemble into long fibers that
fill the cell’s 33 . The fibers support the cell’s membranes (细胞膜) and proteins, preventing them from breaking
or 34 .
Emulating tardigrades could one day help humans colonize outer space. Food crops could be engineered to
produce tardigrade proteins, allowing these organisms to grow more efficiently on spacecraft where levels of
radiation are elevated compared with on Earth.
So if humans ever succeed in reaching the stars, they may accomplish this 35 , in part, by standing on the
shoulders of the tiny eight-legged endurance specialists in your backyard.
A. adaptations
B. blasted
C. catastrophic
D. evolved
E. feat
F. interior
G. probing
H. recurrence
I. rigors
J. seemingly
K. survive
L. tempt
M. thrill
N. unanimously
O. unfolding
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Yes, Eating Meat Affects the Environment, but Cows Are Not Killing the Climate
A. As the scale and impacts of climate change become increasingly alarming, meat is a popular target for action.
Advocates for the protection of the natural environment from destruction or pollution urge the public to eat less
meat. Some activists have even called for taxing meat to reduce consumption of it.
B. A key claim underlying these arguments holds that globally, meat production generates more greenhouse gases
than the entire transportation sector. However, this claim is demonstrably wrong, as I will show. And its
C. My recent research focuses on ways in which animal agriculture affects air quality and climate change. In my
view, there are many reasons for either choosing animal protein or opting for a vegetarian selection. However,
abandoning meat and meat products is not the environmental panacea (万灵药) many would have us believe. And
if taken to an extreme, it also could have harmful nutritional consequences.
D. A healthy portion of meat’s negative reputation centers on the assertion that livestock is the largest source of
greenhouse gases worldwide. For example, an analysis published in 2009 by the World Watch Institute based in
Washington, D.C. asserted that 51 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions come from rearing and processing
livestock. According to the US Environmental Protection Agency, the largest sources of US greenhouse gas
emissions in 2016 were electricity production (28 percent of total emissions), transportation (28 percent) and
industry (22 percent). All of agriculture accounted for a total of 9 percent, but all of animal agriculture contributes
less than half of this amount, representing 3.9 percent of the total greenhouse emission in the US. That is very
different from claiming that livestock represents as much as or more than transportation.
E. Why is there such a misconception? In 2006 the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO)
published a study titled “Livestock’s Long Shadow,” which received widespread international attention. It stated
that livestock produced a staggering 18 percent of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions. The agency drew a
startling conclusion that livestock was doing more to harm the climate than all modes of transportation combined.
This latter claim was wrong, and has since been corrected by Henning Stenfeld, the report’s senior author.
F. The problem was that analysts from the FAO used a comprehensive life-cycle assessment to study the climate
impact of livestock, but a different method when they analyzed transportation. For livestock, they considered
every factor associated with producing meat. This included emissions from fertilizer production, converting land
from forests to pastures, growing feed, and direct emissions from animals (manure as well as expelling of gas
from the stomach) from birth to death.
G. However, when they looked at transportation’s carbon footprint, they ignored impacts on the climate from
manufacturing vehicle materials and parts, assembling vehicles and maintaining roads, bridges and airports.
Instead, they only considered the exhaust smoke emitted by finished cars, trucks, trains and planes. As a result,
the FAO’s comparison of greenhouse gas emissions from livestock to those from transportation was greatly
distorted.
H. I pointed out this flaw during a speech to fellow scientists in San Francisco on March 22, 2010, which led to a
flood of media coverage. To its credit, the FAO immediately owned up to its error. Unfortunately, the agency’s
initial claim that livestock was responsible for the lion’s share of world greenhouse gas emissions had already
received wide coverage. To this day, we struggle to “unring” the bell. In its most recent assessment report, the
安装App
生词本
FAO estimated that livestock produces 14.5 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions from human activities.
There is no comparable full life-cycle assessment for transportation. However, as Stenfeld has pointed out, direct
emissions from transportation versus livestock can be compared and amount to 14 versus 5 percent, respectively.
I. Many people continue to think that avoiding meat as infrequently as once a week will make a significant
difference to the climate. But according to one recent study, even if Americans eliminated all animal protein from
their diets, they would reduce US greenhouse gas emissions by only 2.6 percent. According to our research at the
University of California, Davis, if the practice of Meatless Monday were to be adopted by all Americans, we’d
see a reduction of only 0.5 percent.
J. Moreover, technological, genetic and management changes that have taken place in US agriculture over the past
70 years have made livestock production more efficient and less greenhouse gas-intensive. According to the
FAO’s statistical database, total direct greenhouse gas emissions from US livestock have declined by 11.3 percent
since 1961, while production of livestock meat has more than doubled.
K. Demand for meat is rising in developing and emerging economies, especially in the Middle East, North Africa
and Southeast Asia. For example, raising livestock such as goats in Kenya is an important source of food and
income for many small-scale farmers and herders. But meat consumption per person in these regions still lags that
of developed countries. In 2015, average annual meat consumption per person in developed countries was 92
kilograms, compared to 24 kilograms in the Middle East and North Africa and 18 kilograms in Southeast Asia.
Still, given projected population growth in the developing world, there will certainly be an opportunity for
countries such as the United States to bring their sustainable livestock rearing practices to the table.
L. Removing animals from US agriculture would lower national greenhouse gas emissions to a small degree, but it
would also make it harder to meet people’s nutritional requirements. Many critics of animal agriculture are quick
to point out that if farmers raised only plants, they could produce more pounds of food and more calories per
person. But humans also need many essential micro- and macro-nutrients for good health. It’s hard to make a
compelling argument that the United States has a calorie deficit, given its high national rates of adult and child
obesity. Moreover, not all plant parts are edible or desirable. Raising livestock is a way to add nutritional and
economic value to plant agriculture.
M. As one example, the energy in plants that livestock consume is most often contained in cellulose (纤维素), which
is indigestible for humans and many other mammals. But cows, sheep and other ruminant (反刍的) animals can
break cellulose down and release the solar energy contained in this vast resource. According to the FAO, as much
as 70 percent of all agricultural land globally is range land that can only be utilized as grazing land for ruminant
livestock.
N. The world population is currently projected to reach 9.8 billion by 2050. Feeding this many people will raise
immense challenges. Meat is more calorie-dense per serving than vegetarian options, and ruminant animals
largely thrive on feed that is not suitable for humans. Raising livestock also offers much-needed income for small-
scale farmers in developing nations. Worldwide, livestock provides a livelihood for 1 billion people.
O. Climate change demands urgent attention, and the livestock industry has a large overall environmental footprint
that affects air, water and land. These, combined with a rapidly rising world population, give us plenty of
compelling reasons to continue to work for greater efficiencies in animal agriculture. I believe the place to start is
with science-based facts.
36. The FAO concluded that farm animals were producing more greenhouse gases than all modes of transportation
combined.
37. Consumption of meat per person in developing countries is much less than that in countries like the US.
38. The FAO was worthy of praise in that it admitted its mistake once it was pointed out.
39. Environmentalists try hard to make people consume less meat to combat climate change.
40. Recent research has shown that even if Americans quit eating meat altogether, the resulting reduction of
greenhouse gases in the US would be slight.
41. More than half of the world’s farmland is suitable only for animals like cows to graze on.
42. The allegation that farm animals produce the world’s largest portion of greenhouse gases is responsible for
meat’s bad reputation.
43. Raising farm animals makes it easier to meet people’s nutritional needs.
44. The author doesn’t believe giving up meat and meat products will be a cure-all for the environmental problem.
45. Changes in America’s farming technology and management in the past decades have increased efficiency and
reduced greenhouse gas emissions in meat production.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. You should decide on the best choice and
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
fears as well.
We worry because we suspect — not wrongly — that the world is full of a frightening sort of person ready to
judge us ruthlessly and swiftly: a person we can call a snob.
much of their attention we deserve. In the past, that might be your ancestry and royal connections. Nowadays, the
This explains why the first question we will be asked in any new social context is “What do you do?” and
according to how we answer, snobs will either welcome us with broad smiles, or leave us in the cold.
And that is why we are fired up by such a desperate urge to achieve and impress.
Sometimes our behaviour is mistaken for greed and vanity, but it is more than this. A lot of our interest in fancy
cars, jobs and houses has nothing to do with materialism. It has to do with a hunger for the respect and esteem that is
only available in our societies through the acquisition of material goods. It isn’t the goods themselves we seek, it is
the love we stand to gain through our possession of them. The next time we see someone driving a Ferrari, we
shouldn’t condemn them for their greed, we should pity them for the intensity of their need for love from the world.
identified. For snobs, it is the already acclaimed and already successful who are the only ones worthy of respect.
There is no room in their timid regimented minds to imagine that someone might be clever, kind or good — and yet
somehow have been overlooked entirely by society, their qualities lying hidden beneath an unfamiliar veil and
having as yet discovered no obvious outlet.
The true answer to snobbery is not to say that there is no such thing as a better or worse person, but to insist that
better or worse exist in constantly unexpected places and carry none of the outward signs of distinction. And because
we are such poor judges of the worth of others, our ultimate duty remains to be kind, good, curious and imaginative
A. Fear of being judged in a snobbish manner.
B. The prospect of facing fault-finding managers.
C. The ruthless way employees are often treated.
D. Fright at the difficulty in hunting for a job.
A. They try hard to dig into a person’s past.
C. They judge a person by their occupation.
D. They tend to place people in a social context.
A. It is the cause for condemnation of their greed.
B. It has a lot to do with the comforts they provide.
C. It arouses pity rather than respect from the wealthy.
D. It arises from their craving for social recognition.
49. What kind of people do snobs deem worth respect and esteem?
A. Those with fame and fortune.
B. Those with regimented minds.
C. Those with intelligence and imagination.
D. Those with qualities lying hidden in disguise.
50. What does the author imply we should do to avoid being snobbish?
A. Be aware there has never been such a thing as a better or worse person.
C. Realize that better or worse keeps changing in unexpected ways.
D. Judge people on the basis of their distinctive character traits.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Women have historically been paid less. But in the US in the 1980s, they began to catch up — fast. During that
gap would have been closed by 2017.
But the trend didn’t continue, and the gap remains yawning.
According to a new study from academics at Harvard, the stagnation can be put down, perhaps
counterintuitively, to the introduction of state and federal family leave policies.
The academics argue that during the 1990s, as governments began to introduce leave policies, it was mainly
women who took advantage of them. Though the leave policies might have helped those women to stay in the
workplace — instead of dropping out to have families — those who returned saw their wages had increased at lower
rates than the men.
After family leave was introduced in the US, in fact, the rate of gender wage convergence fell to just 0.03
percentage points per year, and has remained there ever since.
Those monitoring the process towards salary equity at work have long watched as progress slowed in many
countries around the world. In fact, that progress began to reverse during the pandemic (大流行病).
The gender pay gap is one of the most outstanding examples of that lack of parity (平等), and still exists just
begin to see their salaries slip behind their male counterparts.
work and energy for career advancement. But it’s also because mothers are passed over for raises and promotion, and
because time out of the workplace sets women back, even if that time is taken voluntarily, and supported by
company or government policy.
What would have happened if leave policies hadn’t been introduced? The study doesn’t go into that question,
other than to say that if the 1980s trend continued, we would have been at parity by now.
It’s possible, however, that the journey towards wage parity would have stalled either way. If women’s gains in
the 1980s were made through the erasure of things like bias, once those less uncontrollable problems had been
addressed, there would still have been an issue with women — who are the ones to bear children and take care of
them in the early weeks because of biological factors like the ability to breastfeed, forcing them to take breaks,
whether or not those breaks were mandated.
A. It was being slowly closed.
B. It was shrinking rapidly.
C. It started to yawn.
D. It remained substantial.
52. What happened with the introduction of state and federal family leave policies?
A. The process towards salary equity at work began to reverse.
B. The rate of gender wage convergence started to fall noticeably.
C. The trend of women returning to work after childbirth started.
D. The narrowing of the gender pay gap attracted more attention.
53. What partly accounts for the slip in women’s salaries?
A. The insufficient motivation women generally have for career advancement.
B. The opportunities numerous women give up for pay raise and promotion.
C. The huge amounts of time and energy women spend taking care of the family.
D. The lack of policy support from government and business corporations.
A. It would have stalled if those controllable problems had not been addressed.
B. It would have halted if company and government had not worked together.
C. It would have been achieved with the complete erasure of gender biases.
D. It would have been attained with the continuation of the 1980s trend.
55. What prevents women from achieving parity with men in the final analysis?
A. Ignoring biases against women in the workplace.
B. Giving birth to children and taking care of them.
C. Failing to mandate breaks for childbirth and care.
D. Lacking resources to address biological problems.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
粵港澳大湾区 (Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area) 具有得天独厚的地理位置，拥有完善的交
通基础设施和丰富的产业资源。大湾区是中国开放程度最高、经济活力最强的区域之一，在国家经济发展中具
有重要的战略地位。大湾区不仅将建成充满活力的世界级城市群和具有全球影响力的国际科技创新中心，还将
打造成适合工作、购物、旅游的优质生活圈。随着改革开放的不断深入，大湾区的建设将进一步推动区域经济
发展。到 2035 年，大湾区将实现成为国际一流湾区的目标。