2025年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2025年12月英语六级真题(第1套)












3 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
23. A. They have been the classic way to visit Europe.
B. They attract tourists with location and decoration.
C. They have long been competing with chain hotels.
D. They are in fact a completely new idea in America.
24. A. Your financial status.
B. Your family’s consent.
C. Your property.
D. Your personality.
25. A. Costs for starting the business.
B. The number of guests to receive.
C. The facilities to provide.
D. Opportunities for income.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
By now, it is generally accepted that regular exercise comes with an assortment of health benefits for people
who maintain the habit over time. But is it 26 too late to start?
New research looked at people who increased their exercise levels after their 40s beyond levels they had
when they were younger and those individuals showed declines in their risk of early 27 which were similar to
those of people who exercised consistently throughout their lives. This was a 28 of 32% to 35% compared
to people who did not exercise. Those who began exercising in middle age also saw reductions in their incidence
of 29 diseases, such as heart disease and cancer, which were similar to the steady exercisers.
So why bother exercising consistently throughout your life? The authors of the study 30 that some might
interpret the study’s findings to mean that they can delay starting an exercise program but this would be a mistake.
There are other benefits, both mental and physical, to staying consistently active that we should not 31 .
These real health benefits include better 32 functioning and lowered risk of gaining weight. The latter
is 33 important given the global obesity epidemic. In addition, experts assert that starting younger is better
because, if you make a habit of exercising when you are young, you are more likely to keep up those 34 later
in life. It is ideal, then, for people to start exercising when they are children or 35 , and it is good to maintain an
active lifestyle at all times regardless of your age. However, this study does indicate that, if you have not been
active, you can still benefit if you start becoming active in your 40s and 50s.
A. adolescents
B. arbitrarily
C. chronic
D. cognitive
E. concede
F. disregard
G. drop
H. ever
I. maneuver
J. mortality
K. particularly
L. patterns
M. refute
N. stereotype
O. vocal
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
4 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Restaurants Are Now Employing Robots — Should Chefs Be Worried?
A. Like most chefs, Flippy is not afraid of hard work. Since last summer, that has meant 11 am until 7 pm shifts at
Caliburger in Pasadena, California, as well as short assignments at Chick-N-Tots at Dodger Stadium in Los
Angeles. These are long hours of repetitive work, where the boss demands absolute consistency. But you won’t
hear Flippy complain or say anything, in fact. For Flippy is a robot — a cloud-connected mechanical arm with
3D thermal scanners for eyes — that can flip burgers or fry 80 baskets of food an hour, monitor that food and
even clean up afterwards.
B. Flippy was created by Miso Robotics, part of the Cali Group, which is described by its CEO, John Miller, as: “A
technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers.” Cali creates new machines that it road-tests in its
Caliburger restaurants across the world, into which Flippy will be deployed this year. And Flippy is not alone.
Also in California, Bear Robotics has developed a self-guiding robot, Penny, which has so far served 40,000
diners.
C. Ten years ago, robot-chefs and waiters were pure science fiction. Today, they are a reality, and at prices that
make them a plausible investment. From May, Penny will be shipped on a subscription basis that offers “an
immediate return”, says Bear Robotics’ chief operating officer, Juan Higueros. Flippy will cost a reported
$60,000 to $100,000. Fully automated burger restaurants managed with minimal human oversight — where
customers order at screens, pay electronically, and eat food cooked and delivered by robots — are now a
possibility.
D. The technology exists; it just needs knitting together cost-effectively and in a way diners buy into. In an industry
keen to slash labor costs and increase profits, further automation seems inevitable. After an eight-month test at
Kang Nam Tofu House in California, Bear Robotics credited Penny with driving a 28% increase in sales.
Meanwhile, in US trials, the self-ordering screens that McDonald’s is currently installing at its 1,300 UK
restaurants yielded a reported 30% rise in order values.
E. Personalisation is seen as key to the appeal of this technology, alongside its ability to reliably push so-called
“upsells” (meal deals, extras, larger drinks) to customers. Soon when you log into a restaurant app, it will be able
to use your data and purchasing history to recommend dishes to you — factoring in everything from the weather
to, if you are ordering at a screen that can read your face, your mood.
F. “Right now people compromise on choice. We’re presented with a one-size-fits-all menu. Ultimately,
technology can allow us to make personal choices. You love spicy food and chicken? Here’s the dish people like
you mostly order,” says Tom Weaver, CEO at the hospitality tech company Flyt. He talks enthusiastically about
the Helsinki pop-up Take-In, a full-service restaurant where diners ordered dishes in from various delivery
services. “For the first time in a few hundred years, digital is allowing us to create new versions of restaurants.”
G. If high-street fast food is automation-ready, its impact on high-end restaurants is likely to be subtler and slower.
“It’ll probably be a very long time before we see a five-star robot-chef,” says Noel Sharkey, professor of AI and
robotics at the University of Sheffield. “Apart from the AI creativity gap, great cooking involves a subtle
understanding of ingredients and delicate cooking that would be enormously challenging for robots. Placing
fragile foods on plates would be incredibly slow.”
H. Currently, robots have limited functionality. A human needs to load Penny with plates that diners lift off
themselves. At the robot-powered US pizza-delivery company Zume, the more difficult jobs, such as topping
pizzas, are still done by humans. But Moley, which will launch soon, offers an idea of the sophistication to come.
Modelled on the movements of a MasterChef contest winner, Tim Anderson, its robotic arms are fixed over a
stove and programmed to prepare dishes from raw ingredients. It is designed for domestic use, but a commercial
version is planned that opens up the possibility of restaurant kitchens automating even highly technically

00:00
25:43



听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
