2025年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放












1 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
2025 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
 Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Living in an
increasingly competitive world, college students should better prepare themselves to confront various challenges.”
You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2025 年 12 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It’s best to think of an accent as a distinct, systematic and rule-governed way of speaking. Accent is not
a 26 for dialect, but it’s related. Dialect is an umbrella term for the way a community pronounces words,
creates words, and orders words; accent refers to that first part only.
Many 27 presume that there is a single standard way of speaking in each country, with one single
standard accent, and that this perceived standard is 28 the best form of speech, but linguists (语言学家) often
point out that the concept of a standard accent is better understood as an ideal rather than a 29 . In other words,
no one speaks “standard English”; rather, it is an imagined way of using language that exists only in grammar and
style books.
One reason linguists agree there is no one true standard is that, through the years, there have been 30
supposed standards, depending on time and place. The standard for English in British newsreels (新闻片) from
the 1950s, for example, differs greatly from the standard found on American national news broadcasts today. In
fact, there has never been a single standard that’s been fully agreed upon — and broadcast outlets across
the 31 have never consistently held to those standards anyway.
Even so, this idea of a standard accent is 32 and many workplace and educational environments
perpetuate the idea that accents that 33 from the current standard are less appropriate, or even inappropriate.
Scholars have found that southern US accent features are more accepted in 34 such as government, law
and service-oriented workplaces, but less accepted in the technology sector. The acceptability of nonstandard
accents may 35 with differences in class and culture, with newer or higher prestige industries expecting more
standard speech in the workplace.
A. affix
B. correlate
C. deviate
D. domains
E. influential
F. inherently
G. laymen
H. multiple
I. properties
J. reality
K. reciprocally
L. specimen
M. spectrum
N. synonym
O. unanimous
2 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The History and Meaning of Colored Traffic Lights
A. Timed traffic lights are set according to schedules that are supposed to coordinate with peak traffic hours. Cities
need to monitor and update signal light time schedules at least every two years to keep these systems effective.
In Los Angeles, California, an ambitious project to go a step further and synchronize (使同步) every red light
in Los Angeles cost over 400 million dollars. Ask a resident of the city and they are likely to agree that saving
time on the road is well worth it. If implemented nationwide, synchronization could shave 10% off traffic
congestion ( 堵 塞 ) and 20% off air pollution. Congestion costs time, money, and lives. Big data can help
improve how millions of people safely share the road. However, none of this would be possible without the
traffic light!
B. The first traffic light was invented in London in the 1860’s, but it was hardly recognizable — or effective. It had
been adapted from the railroad signal system by a railway manager, John Peak Knight, in 1868. The railroads
used red gas lights at night to signal stops and green gas lights during the daytime. Knight installed a similar gas
light, semaphore (臂板信号) system near London’s Westminster Bridge in December of 1868.
C. The life of the first traffic light signal was short-lived. A gas leak caused one of the signal lights to explode on its
police officer operator within a month of being installed.
D. Automating traffic signals stalled after the London incident. Forty years passed before cars crowding city streets
urged the development of traffic lights in the United States. London would not see another traffic light until
1929.
E. The United States is a car culture like no other country. Unlike most European cities that started urban planning
when horses were high-tech, many cities in the United States were designed around urban sprawl, suburban
tracts, and motor cars.
F. As traffic and cities grew, so did the race to solve growing traffic problems. The first traffic signals were
semaphores. Semaphores are towers with moving arms signaling for traffic to stop or go. They could be manual
or automatic. There was no consistent design. Various models were invented and put into place in cities as the
need arose.
G. In 1912, Lester Wire was a police officer exhausted by traffic at Main Street and 200 South. He developed a
manually switched stop light. The four-sided box, raised on a ten-foot pole, looked like a birdhouse and was
operated manually by an officer. The officer would flip a switch to change between the dipped red and green
lights.
H. Like the 1910 semaphore, the first electric signal used words. However, the words were no longer written on
arms that raised and fell. The words “stop” or “move” were on lights. The posts lit up on each of four corner-
posts around an intersection (十字路口). It was not automated, though. A booth with an operator was required
to flip the switches.
I. The system allowed police officers to move from the middle of the street to a corner. From that vantage (有利地
位), an officer could oversee the crowd. If an emergency vehicle came, the officer could flip a switch and clear
the intersection by triggering all red lights. The emergency vehicle could now pass effortlessly. Finally, in San
Francisco the first red and green electric light system that could be operated automatically (or manually) was
introduced in 1917.
安装App
生词本
