2022年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2022年 0 6 月 大 学 英 语 六 级 考 试 真 题 （第 1 套）
Part I Writing (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people choose to live an environmentally friendly
lifestyle.99 You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He is a staff writer.
B) He is an adventurer.
C) He is an author of fiction.
D) He is a father of four kids.
2. A) They are interested in fairy tales.
B) They are curious and autonomous.
C) They are a headache to their parents.
D) They are ignorant of politics.
3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance.
B) He recommends model essays to them.
C) He gives them encouragement.
D) He teaches them proofreading.
4. A) Her tastes in books changed.
B) She realized the power of reading.
C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world.
D) She began to perceive the world differently.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a website designer.
B) She is a university graduate.
6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops.
B) They were popular with her classmates.
7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it.
B) She did not like ready-made clothes.
C) She could not find clothes of her size.
D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable.
8. A) Study fashion design at college.
B) Improve her marketing strategy.
C) She is a main street store owner.
D) She is a successful entrepreneur.
C) They showed her natural talent.
D) They were mostly failures.
C) Add designs for women.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic.
B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics.
C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health.
D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic.
10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria.
B) Bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
C) The similarity between known drugs.
D) The growing threat of bacteria to health.
11. A) Dispense with experimental testing.
B) Predict whether compounds are toxic.
C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics.
D) Combat bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) By theorization.
B) By generalization.
13. A) They are easy to detect.
B) They are well intended.
14. A) Mostly by chance.
B) Basically objective.
C) By observation.
D) By conversation.
C) They are groundless.
D) They are harmless.
C) Subject to their mental alertness.
D) Dependent on their analytical ability.
15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye.
B) Listening carefully to the speaker.
C) Measuring the speaker's breathing rate.
D) Focusing on the speaker's facial expressions.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings o f lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They don't treat patients with due respect.
00:00
28:27
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
C) They have to deal with social workers9 strikes.
D) They don't care how much patients have to pay.
17. A) Appear submissive and grateful to doctors and nurses.
B) Express a strong desire to be consulted or informed.
C) Refrain from saying anything that sounds negative.
D) Note down the names of all the doctors and nurses.
18. A) Cooperative. C) Passive.
B) Appreciative. D) Responsive.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Its members work together despite risks of failure.
B) It prioritizes recruiting young energetic members.
C) Its members stay in touch even after it breaks up.
D) It grows more and more mature professionally.
20. A) Their differences are likely to impact productivity.
B) Their similarity is conducive to future collaboration.
C) Their connections strengthen with the passage of time.
D) Their mutual understanding stems from a common goal.
21. A) It is characterized by diversity.
B) Its goals are quite inconsistent.
C) Its members have similar backgrounds.
D) It is connected by a unique mechanism.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Putting aside twenty percent of one's earnings.
B) Spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy.
C) Living off a small proportion of one's income.
D) Saving as much as one can possibly manage.
23. A) It empowers them to cope with irrational emotions.
B) It will guarantee the profits from their investments.
C) It will turn them into successful financial planners.
D) It enables them to focus on long-term investments.
24. A) They count on others to take the responsibility.
B) They change their investment strategy in time.
C) They think they themselves are to blame.
D) They persist rather than get discouraged.
25. A) They do not resist novel lifestyles.
B) They do not try to keep up with others.
C) They do not care what they have acquired.
A) Their graduates lack the rigor required for doing statistical analysis.
B) Their students prove to be inadequately prepared for their future careers.
C) Their focus on research is conducive to developing students9 critical thinking.
D) Their liberal arts education enables graduates to excel in whatever field they are in.
50. What is an advantage of providing financial aid for students?
A) Every student can choose the institution they wish to attend.
B) All students can benefit from a diversified student population.
C) All students will be able to earn a place on university campus.
D) Less privileged students will be more competitive at elite schools.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When a group of Australians was asked why they believed climate change was not
year by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. This was the
most popular reason fbr their opinion, with only 11% saying their belief that climate change
was not happening was based on scientific research.
But what do we mean by an appeal to common sense? Presumably it's an appeal to
rationality of some sort that forms the basis of more complex reasoning. The appeal to
common sense, however, is usually nothing more than an appeal to thinking that just feels
right, but what feels right to one person may not feel right to another. Whether it feels right
is usually a reflection of the world view and ideologies we have internalised, and that
frames how we interact with new ideas. When new ideas are in accord with what we
already believe, they are more readily accepted. When they are not, they, and the arguments
that lead to them, are more readily rejected.
We often mistake this automatic compatibility testing of new ideas with existing beliefs
As Nobelist Daniel Kahneman notes in Thinking, Fast and Slow, when we arrive at
conclusions in this way, the outcomes also feel true, regardless of whether they are. We are
not psychologically well equipped to judge our own thinking.
We are also highly susceptible to a range of cognitive biases such as giving preference
to the first things that come to mind when making decisions or giving weight to evidence.
One way we can check our internal biases and inconsistencies is through the social
verification of knowledge, in which we test our ideas in a rigorous and systematic way to
see if they make sense not just to us, but to other people. The outstanding example of this
socially shared cognition is science.
That does not mean that individuals are not capable of excellent thinking, nor does it
mean no individual is rational. But the extent to which individuals can do this on their own
is a function of how well integrated they are with communities of systematic inquiry in the
first place. You can't learn to think well by yourself.
In matters of science at least, those who value their common sense over methodological,
by involvement with the group, but in reality they are tightly bound by their capabilities and
perspectives. We are smarter together than we are individually, and perhaps that's just
common sense.
51. What does the author intend to show by citing the findings from the report published
last year?
A) People seldom appeal to rationality in their thinking.
B) It is often the case that truth lies in the hands of a few.
C) Common sense and science are the two sides of a coin.
D) Few people know if climate change is really happening.
52. What is the appeal to common sense according to the author?
A) It is the basis for the internalisation o f individuals9 ideologies.
B) It is a series of conceptions formulated from complex reasoning.
C) It is collective wisdom that helps people interact with new ideas.
D) It is something subjective based on what one perceives to be right.
53. What does Daniel Kahneman think is the problem of testing new ideas with existing beliefs?
A) It may lead to incorrect judgment.
B) It makes no use of common sense.
C) It fails to correct mistakes through serious reasoning.
D) It can produce psychologically unacceptable outcomes.
54. What can we do to be less susceptible to cognitive biases?
A) Give equal weight to evidence of both sides in a conflict.
B) Provide convincing examples in developing an argument.
C) Establish socially shared cognition via scientific methods.
D) Avoid inconsistencies when addressing controversial issues.
55. What message does the author try to convey at the end o f the passage?
A) Multiple perspectives stimulate people's interest in exploring the unknown.
B) Individuals can enhance their overall capabilities by interacting with others.
C) Individuals should think freely to break from the restrictions of common sense.
D) Collaborative efforts can overcome individuals limitations in scientific inquiry.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
卢 沟 桥 位 于 天 安 门 广 场 西 南 15 公 里 处 ，横 跨 永 定 河 ，是 北 京 现 存 最 古 老 的 多 拱 石 桥 。
卢 沟 桥 最 初 建 成 于 1192年 ，1698年 重 建 ， 由 2 8 1 根 柱 子 支 撑 。每 根 柱 子 上 都 有 一 头 石 狮 。
这 些 石 狮 的 头 、 背 、腹 部 或 爪 子 上 都 藏 着 更 多 的 狮 子 。这 些 石 狮 生 动 逼 真 、千 姿 百 态 ，是
卢 沟 桥 石 刻 艺 术 的 精 品 。桥 上 的 石 狮 不 计 其 数 ，因而北京地 区 流 传 着 “卢 沟 桥 上 的 石 狮 子 ——
数 不 清 ”的 说 法 。