2022年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2022 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Today
increasing importance is being attached to cultivating college students’ team spirit.” You can make statements, give
reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2022 年 12 月全国只考两套听力，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from
a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
700,000 tons last year, down from 2 million tons in 2008, the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) said
in a report 26 yesterday.
found.
Most universities have turned to natural gas as a 28 ,with state funding backing the fuel switch.
While academic institutions use less than 0.1 percent of U.S. coal burned for power, campus coal use has a
history dating back to the 1800s when 29 to power was scarce.
Many universities still operate their own power plants. The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978
encouraged more electricity generation by allowing institutions to sell 30 power to utilities.
But EIA noted many coal-fired universities have signed onto the American College and University
Presidents Climate Commitment, which was launched in 2007.
of the participants have pledged to be carbon 32 within 20 years.
The Sierra Club’s Beyond Coal campaign, which also leads campaigns for universities to withdraw
their 33 in coal and other fossil fuels, lists 22 schools that have pledged to move “beyond coal,” including
Clemson University, Indiana University, Ohio University, Penn State University, the University of Louisville and
the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.
The largest coal use 34 at colleges were in Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee and Indiana. Indiana’s
universities alone cut coal 35 by 81 percent between 2008 and 2015.
During the same period, Michigan made an 80 percent cut and Tennessee cut back by 94 percent at state
institutions.
A. abandoned
B. access
C. consumption
D. contrive
E. duplications
F. investments
G. mobilized
H. negligent
I. neutral
J. reductions
K. released
L. replacement
M. slash
N. surplus
O. void
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Classical music aims to evolve, build audiences without alienating old guard
A. In 1913, classical music sparked a riot in Paris. Igor Stravinsky was introducing his revolutionary “Rite of
Spring” ballet to the world, with its discordant melodies and unorthodox choreography (编舞)，and the purists
in the crowd expressed their disapproval loud and clear. It might have been classical music’s version of the
time Bob Dylan went electric at the Newport Folk Festival. “The noise, fighting, and shouting in the audience
got so loud,” NPR’s music reporter Miles Hoffman said of the Stravinsky debut, “that the choreographer had to
shout out the numbers to the dancers so that they knew what they were supposed to do.”
B. It’s difficult to imagine a similar disturbance occurring today within America’s sacred symphony halls. In fact,
it’s hard to picture any kind of disruptive activity at all (unless someone’s cell phone happens to go off, and
then you’d better watch your back). A mannerly aura (氛围) hangs over most classical proceedings, and many
of the genre’s biggest supporters would have it no other way.
C. Today, Western audiences for classical music and opera and ballet are almost always well dressed, older,
respectful, achingly silent and often very wealthy (one has to be able to afford most tickets). But as many of
America’s most storied “highbrow” (高雅的) institutions struggle financially — the Philadelphia Orchestra’s
much-publicized rebound from bankruptcy is just one recent example — classical music fans and theorists are
wondering how the medium can weave itself into the 21st century’s cultural fabric without sacrificing its
integrity.
D. For example, should we feel OK “clapping” during classical music events, even if nobody else is? Why
shouldn’t we cheer for something great, like we do at a rock concert? The Huffington Post recently ran a Great
Debate on this issue and many commenters came out on the side of silence. “There is no more rewarding
experience in life than being part of an audience where everybody is leaning forward in silence, thoroughly
carried away by a great performance of a masterpiece,” one commenter wrote. “Why is it so difficult for folks
to develop an appreciation and understanding for the mannerisms and traditions of classical music?” asked
another.
E. The truth is that classical music audiences weren’t always so polite. Robert Greenberg, an award-winning
composer, said that when Beethoven first performed his 7th Symphony, audiences forced the orchestra to
perform encores (重演) of certain movements immediately, applauding wildly. And in the last few decades, he
said, many audiences at opera performances have abandoned pretenses, yelling “Bravo” when they feel like it.
F. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with an audience showing their enthusiasm for a proper moment by
applauding, showing their joy,” Greenberg said, noting that the stuffiness in concert halls is “one aspect of
contemporary concert etiquette” he doesn’t understand. “Instead of waiting half an hour to show enthusiasm,
why not show it every eight or nine minutes?”
安装App
生词本
concert halls on their own accord. They’re probably more likely to head to Central Park to watch a free
performance with a bottle of wine and their friends. “I think anyone should be able to come into a performance
dressed any way they like, and be comfortable any way they like, sitting in that seat ready to enjoy themselves,”
Greenberg said. “Because it’s enjoyable.”
H. Greenberg stressed that he doesn’t want people to start respecting the music less, and he’s not suggesting that
(字幕) during shows, he said, many purists didn’t like the idea, believing that the audience should instead study
the works before attending. But now it’s commonplace to find titles on the seatback in front of you — choose a
language, sit back, and understand what’s going on.
I. Allison Vulgamore, president of the Philadelphia Orchestra, is certainly looking to the future. She says certain
“classics concerts” dedicated to the old masters will always exist, but not every program has to feature
Beethoven and Brahms — or even a stage and seats. “We’re trying to introduce different kinds of concerts in
different ways,” she said. “We are an interactive society now, where people like to learn.”
J. As the Philadelphia Orchestra rebounds from its financial straits, it is also aiming to experiment, without
alienating the loyalists. Vulgamore pointed to Cirque de la Symphonie, a recent offering in which jugglers (玩
杂耍的人) and acrobats (杂技演员) interacted with musicians. An upcoming collaboration with New York
City’s Ridge Theatre, meanwhile, will feature a “suspended dance installation” and other theatrical elements
occurring in conjunction with an orchestral piece.
K. The orchestra also continues to offer $25 annual memberships to Philadelphia students, who can buy rush
tickets to every concert on the schedule. “Students line up for the concerts they want, and we get roughly 300
or 350 kids a night coming to these. They take any of the open seats available, 5 minutes before the concert
starts,” Vulgamore said. “It’s like the running of the bulls, that energy when the doors open.”
L. Greenberg thinks that youthful energy needs to be harvested. Conductors don’t have to be arrogant and
and an abandoning of pretension within the high-art institutions themselves. “On one hand, these organizations
are all saying the same thing: we want more general audiences, to break down cultural barriers,” he said. “But
then they come up with some very snooty (目中无人的) thing that makes you crazy.”
M. John Terauds, a critic who has covered Toronto’s classical music scene extensively, also wants to do away with
the stuffiness. He suggested that the warmer an audience is, the better the musicians themselves will respond.
“But the producer or organizer has to let everyone know it’s OK,” he said. “It’s OK to enjoy yourself.” At the
Toronto Symphony Orchestra, for example, conductor Peter Oundjian often stops between pieces, taking a
least a third” of the audience consists of students who have purchased cheaper tickets. On these nights, the
energy of the room drastically shifts. It becomes a less intimidating place.
music before they go. And, I’m sure, sitting in a seat, trembling in fear that this might be the wrong time to
applaud, is also one of the factors.”
O. Everyone in the classical world agrees on the need for increased “accessibility,” but achieving it is often easier
said than done. Nowadays, there are unknown, unorthodox opera singers wowing (博得......的喝彩) viewers
on TV programs like “America’s Got Talent” and “The Voice”. What can higher institutions do with any of that?
And if they appeal to these outlets, do they risk compromising the integrity or the intelligence of the music?
“What we are hoping to do is use this enzyme to turn this plastic back into its original components, so we can
literally recycle it back to plastic,” said McGeehan. “It means we won’t need to dig up any more oil and,
fundamentally, it should reduce the amount of plastic in the environment.”
up in the oceans where they have polluted even the remotest parts, harming marine life and potentially people who
eat seafood. “Plastic is incredibly resistant to degradation.” said McGeehan. “It is one of these wonder materials
that has been made a little bit too well.”
Currently those bottles that are recycled can only be turned into opaque fibres for clothing or carpets, while
the new enzyme indicates a way to recycle old clear plastic bottles back into new clear plastic bottles.
“You are always up against the fact that oil is cheap, so plastic is cheap,” said McGeehan. “It is so easy for
manufacturers to generate more of that stuff, rather than even try to recycle, but I believe there is a public interest
here: perception is changing so much that companies are starting to look at how they can properly recycle these
bottles.”
Prof. Adisa Azapagic, at the University of Manchester in the UK, agreed the enzyme could be useful but
added: “A full life-cycle assessment would be needed to ensure that the technology does not solve one
environmental problem — waste — at the expense of others, including additional greenhouse gas emissions.”
A. It was identified during a lab experiment accident.
B. It may make full recycling of plastic bottles a reality.
C. It was a breakthrough made with persistent efforts.
D. It may initiate a radical reform in plastic industry.
A. It has a natural ability to consume plastics.
B. It is a bacterium that reproduces at a high rate.
C. It is essential to the recycling of plastic bottles.
D. It has a chemical structure unknown to scientists.
53. By adjusting the enzyme produced by the bug, the scientists ____.
A. made it more effective by chance
B. discovered an extraordinary chemical
C. altered its basic molecular composition
D. found its evolutionary process sped up
A. Manufacturers are implementing it on an increasingly larger scale.
B. It generates huge business opportunities for plastic manufacturers.
C. It has aroused persistent interest among the general public.
D. Manufacturers are beginning to explore ways of doing it.
55. What is Prof. Adisa Azapagic’s advice concerning the application of the enzyme?
A. Developing technologies to address greenhouse gas emissions.
B. Considering the extra cost involved in producing the enzyme.
C. Assessing its possible negative impact on the environment.
D. Studying the full life cycle of the enzyme as the first step.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
云贵高原(the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau)大部分位于云南、贵州省境内，总面积约 50 万平方公里，平均
海拔 2000 — 4000 米，是中国第四大高原。云贵高原西高东低，河流众多，形成了许多又深又陡的峡谷
(canyon)。峡谷中许多地方土壤肥沃，非常有利于多种农作物生长。
云贵高原独特的自然环境造就了生物和文化的多样性。它是中国森林和矿产资源类型十分丰富的地
区，也是古人类起源的重要地区。云贵高原是中国少数民族数量最多的地区，各民族都保留了自己丰富多
彩的文化传统。