2024年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2024 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “There is a
growing awareness of the importance of digital literacy and skills in today’s world.” You can make comments, cite
examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words. (You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.)
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2024 年 6 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The Sun Is Also a Star is a truly lovely story of love, romance, fate, and destiny.
Natasha is a Jamaican-born immigrant living 26 in America, not by choice exactly. Her parents
brought her over and created the situation she 27 to be out of.
Daniel is an American born of Korean immigrants. He believes in true love, fate, and all that other
nonsense that Natasha 28 through scientific reasoning.
Daniel and Natasha meet by 29 on the streets of New York on the day that she is to be 30 . She
doesn’t tell him that but does allow him to keep her company while he tries to get her to fall in love with him
over the course of the day.
Natasha is me. I found her so similar to myself. She’s scientifically-minded, practical, somewhat cynical,
and always 31 . Her obsession with the universe through a scientific lens is infectious and I 32 Daniel
seeing that too.
Daniel is charming and passionate and has a way with words that even 33 Natasha’s tough outer shell.
By the end of the book I fell in love with both of them.
I used to find romance stories to always be cheap or laughable. I think now I can see the value in escaping
into a story of pure optimism. I got 34 in The Sun Is Also a Star and finished it cover to cover in a weekend.
I couldn’t wait to get to what I hoped would be a happy ending.
It’s nice every once in a while to give in to magic. It doesn’t have to be a hard fantasy novel with actual
spells, it can be the magic found between two people who just have that special something. That 35 that
causes them to react and spark when they’re near each other.
A. adore
B. appraise
C. assaults
D. chemistry
E. coincidence
F. cracks
G. deported
H. dismisses
I. illegally
J. lost
K. perpetually
L. prescribed
M. shrewd
N. skeptical
O. strives
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
These are the habits to avoid if you want to make a behavior change
A. According to recent research, behavioral change involves physical changes in the brain. In the past decade,
researchers have shown that when it comes to the duration of making a new behavior a deep-rooted habit
there is not a simple answer. Even for the most productive and disciplined among us, undoing something that
has become an automatic part of who we are takes more than an overnight effort. Once we’ve successfully
made that change, we then have to make other adjustments to our lives to ensure that we continue to
maintain it, which is often a whole other challenge in itself.
B. At its core, success in changing and maintaining a behavior rarely occurs without the introduction of some
sort of system. When there isn’t the right framework in place, we face a greater likelihood of derailing our
hard-earned progress. To ensure success in changing and maintaining a behavior, we should stay away from
some detrimental habits.
Perhaps you didn’t want to check your phone every 15 minutes, or you were determined not to reach for a
within reach, or not to walk to the vending machine when your afternoon slump hit.
D. The research on whether we have finite or infinite willpower is inconclusive, but experts do generally agree
that you can’t change and sustain a habit if you rely on your willpower alone. The old military saying “You
never rise to the occasion, you only sink to the level of training” also applies to behavior change. The idea is
simple — you repeat something so many times that it becomes automatic.
change on a daily basis. This is called your “cue.” Basically, it’s a trigger to perform that particular habit. If
you don’t want to reach for a sugary treat at 3 p.m., have a box of herbal tea ready at your desk. When 3 p.m.
comes around, that’s your cue to pour yourself a cup of hot water and drink that tea, instead of walking to the
vending machine.
F. The second one to avoid is focusing on negative goals. Sometimes, it’s not your process that lets you down,
but the habit that you want to change in the first place. For starters, not eating chocolate to beat your
afternoon slump is a harder goal than swapping chocolate for herbal tea when you reach the designated time.
Your brain wants to find routines that have succeeded in the past and allow you to repeat those actions again
effective when it comes to learning not to do something. That’s why rather than giving up something, think
with the behaviors you want to stop. When your attention is on doing something new, you give your habit
system a chance to operate.
G. The third one to avoid is using the same strategies in different circumstances. Because we are creatures of
habit, it’s natural to assume that when we do manage to adopt and sustain a desirable behavior, that same
strategy will work when we want to make another behavior change. But that’s not always the case.
Sometimes, the system that got you to change one behavior might not work for another.
安装App
生词本
H. Sometimes we become accustomed to relying on our guts when it comes to decision-making. This serves us
well in certain situations, but can hinder us in others especially when we need to consider metrics and data,
rather than letting our instinct override everything. For example, if you want to stop checking your email
first thing in the morning, you might decide to substitute another activity in its place. But if you want to stop
indulging in video games, simply deciding you will go for a run might not be as effective. You might need to
introduce another reinforcement, such as meeting a friend and booking an exercise class together.
I. The fourth one to avoid is not forgiving ourselves for slipping up. Of course, even the best-laid plans fail
sometimes. You might have stuck to your screen-free nighttime routine for five days, and then a big project
landed on your desk and you found yourself in bed with your laptop before you went to sleep. Or you
exhausted and opted to order greasy takeout. Life happens and even if your behavior change is small, every
single day can prove pretty inflexible, and at some point your luck may run out, even if just for a day. The
perfectionist in you might be screaming to abandon your goals altogether, but try to see it in the bigger
picture. Just because you might have temporarily strayed off course doesn’t mean you can’t start afresh the
next day.
J. The final one to avoid is discounting small progress. There’s a habit that many perfectionists tend to fall into
when they try to establish a behavior change. They focus too much on the big goal and don’t take the time to
celebrate the small progress they make in the process. Your brain responds to rewards. The basal ganglia, the
brain region linked to our performance of habits, is most active at the beginning of a behavior, when the
habit is cued, and at the end, when it’s rewarded. Say your goal is to run five miles three times a week, and
this week you ran one mile on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Rather than focusing on how far you’ve
have to be big or expensive; it can be something as simple as making your favorite fruit juice after your run.
Whatever your reward, it has to be more than just the activity itself to get you going.
K. Initiating a new behavior usually seems like the hardest part of the process of change. However, people often
fail to adequately prepare for maintaining it. One of the reasons for this is because we mistakenly believe the
strategies we used to initiate the change will be equally effective in helping us continue the change. But they
penetrates deeply into our lives, continually manifesting that wisdom requires that we maintain a positive
outlook. If our mood is low, the wisdom to behave differently seems to disappear and we go back to eating
more and exercising less. The key, then, to maintaining new behaviors is to be happy! Which is why it’s so
hard to maintain new behaviors.
L. Remember, overcoming the behavioral inertia that prevents us from implementing new changes, like eating
a healthy diet or exercising, can benefit us in the long run and can improve our physical and mental health.
No one was born with habits. They were all learned, and can all, therefore, be unlearned. The question is:
how badly do you really want to change?
36. There is general consensus among experts that willpower alone cannot guarantee one’s success in changing
and maintaining a habit.
37. One need not abandon their goals completely just because they missed their target temporarily; they can
start anew.
38. Research shows it is quite another challenge to maintain a behavioral change after you have initiated it.
39. It is wrong to assume the strategies we use to start a change of behavior will work equally well in helping
maintain it.
Kim concludes that “rags-to-riches entertainment media are an important cultural force that promotes and
perpetuates beliefs in upward mobility”. And here’s the problem: if people mistakenly believe that hard work is
all that is needed for individuals to make a better life for themselves, they may be less supportive of policies that
could actually combat inequality.
“In this era of choice, entertainment media are what captures hearts and minds,” Kim writes. “Its political
consequences are anything but trivial”.
A. They have greater ambitions than their parents.
B. They find it difficult to achieve upward mobility.
C. They have overtaken their parents in terms of earnings.
D. They envy the opportunities in other industrialised nations.
A. They reinterpret the essence of the popular rags-to-riches culture.
B. They urge people to achieve economic success through hard work.
C. They help strengthen people’s conviction in the American Dream.
D. They feature ordinary Americans striving for social recognition.
A. They attract far fewer viewers than reality TV.
B. They are bent on reporting the dark side of life.
C. They stand in striking contrast with reality TV.
D. They focus on Americans’ economic hardships.
A. They believe strongly in the American Dream.
B. They strive to climb the socio-economic ladder.
C. They have a very strong affiliation with their party.
D. They tend to watch more rags-to-riches TV shows.
A. They are likely to blame the government for their plight.
B. They regard political consequences as anything but trivial.
C. They respect individuals striving to climb the social ladder.
D. They are less likely to approve of policies to fight inequality.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When someone asks us “what do you do?” we nearly always reply with our occupation. Work, for many of
us, is much more than a job. It is the defining aspect of our identity. For many of us it is through our job that we
can define ourselves.
“Without my job I don’t know who I am,” is a sentence that has been uttered on more than a handful of
occasions from my office chair. Indeed, it can be one of the most challenging aspects I work on with clients who
have lost or been forced into changing their jobs. This loss provokes an identity crisis much greater than the loss
of the job itself.
One of the things I have come to understand, however, is that our identity is much more complex than we
recognise at first glance. If we take the time to reflect we might recognise that as well as our work we can also
identify as a friend, a spouse, a son or daughter, a parent, a member of a sports team or religious community. We
may recognise that we feel and act differently in these roles and relationships than we do at work. The passive
daughter becomes an assertive leader at work. Furthermore, our identities at work are not static. They change
over time. I myself have been a shop assistant, a waitress, a student, a graduate, and a clinical psychologist. At
each stage my ability to adapt to and develop my career identity has been crucial to my wellbeing. Whilst we
like to eliminate uncertainty in our lives at some level we have to manage uncertainty, especially in today’s
volatile and ever-shifting job market.
How we see ourselves is central to the issue of our identity. When we tell ourselves “I’m good at starting
projects but not so great at seeing them through” it can become part of our belief system. But if you have the
unfortunate experience of an enforced job change you will need to examine those beliefs to see how grounded
in reality they are. You will be required to ask yourself how helpful these beliefs are and consider personal
change. We can change our beliefs, behaviours and emotional experience at any time through experimentation,
practice and conscious self-discipline. In an age where career progression may lead us into new sectors it is ever
more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create a new experience of your
you who define who you are. You are only your job if you let it be so.
A. It compels them to visit a clinical psychologist.
B. It offers them a chance to play different roles.
D. It forces them to redefine their life’s goals.
A. It is crucial to our emotional wellbeing.
B. It plays a big role in many facets of life.
C. It reflects our changing status in society.
D. It is more complicated than it appears.
A. They are essential to our self-esteem.
B. They evolve with the passage of time.
C. They overrule all other self-perceptions.
D. They are key to understanding ourselves.
54. What do we have to do in today’s ever-changing job market?
A. Strive to develop our social identity.
B. Prepare for different career paths.
C. Try to be assertive at all times.
D. Learn to manage uncertainty.
55. What should we do to expand our career options?
A. Alter our perceptions of ourselves.
B. Compare various job opportunities.
C. Look into newly emerging sectors.
D. Exercise self-discipline consciously.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
扇子自古以来就深受中国人喜爱，但现在已不只是消暑纳凉的工具，而更多地作为艺术品供人欣
赏。许多扇子造型优美、做工精良，并绘有山水、花鸟、人物等精美图案，具有很高的艺术价值。中国
许多著名画家和书法家喜欢在扇子上作诗绘画，展示其艺术品味。扇子常作为礼物赠予他人，表达美好
的祝福和真挚的情感。如今，扇子的实用功能已大为减弱，但作为一种文化符号和艺术形式，扇子仍然
在中国传统文化中扮演着重要角色。