2025年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2025 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “It is believed that
teachers can exert a profound influence on their students’ academic pursuit and personal development.” You can
make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. It is absurdly expensive.
B. It is appropriately priced.
C. It brings shame on the university.
D. It caters to students and teachers.
2. A. They never really appeal to her.
B. They are never actually good value.
C. They are within students’ budgets.
D. They always come at a high speed.
3. A. The food. B. The space. C. The speed. D. The environment.
4. A. A complete refurnishing.
C. A substantial expansion.
D. A massive renovation.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. They have a poor work ethic.
B. They don’t get along with managers.
C. They are struggling in the workplace.
D. They aren’t as varied as their predecessors.
B. Recognizing how they try to strike a work-life balance.
C. Knowing how they struggle to connect with managers.
D. Understanding the way they seek career advancement.
7. A. In terms of the number of hours spent.
B. By the amount of work they perform.
C. In terms of the work done in 8 hours.
D. By the quality of the work they do.
8. A. Those whose culture facilitates their advancement.
B. Those allowing them to do projects of their choice.
C. Those whose values align with their own.
D. Those refraining from discrediting their perspectives.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They may unconsciously help customers choose greener dishes.
B. They may unintentionally encourage customers to eat meat.
C. They raise customers’ environmental awareness.
D. They enable customers to eat in a healthy way.
10. A. By inviting them to taste different kinds of food.
B. By observing the eating behavior of strict vegetarians.
C. By comparing participants eating vegetarian food frequently with those doing so rarely.
D. By requiring participants to choose a meal as if they were feasting at a family gathering.
11. A. They are less likely to choose a vegetarian dish.
B. They find vegetarian dishes become more appealing.
C. They tend to consume larger portions of unhealthy food.
D. They are less likely to choose dishes recommended by chefs.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. They have found a solution to the global problem of air pollution.
B. They have managed to freeze polluting particles to around –18 °C.
C. They have been seeking a way to prevent pollutants from penetrating indoors.
D. They have been cooperating closely on developing a new type of air-conditioner.
13. A. They can be costly and inefficient.
B. They are constantly being perfected.
C. They are by-products of health research.
D. They can save over 40,000 lives each year.
14. A. They keep their windows closed.
B. They spend a lot more time indoors.
C. They make more use of air-conditioners.
D. They try various ways to purify indoor air.
15. A. It shows the importance of eliminating indoor pollution.
B. It may change the way of future environmental research.
C. It demonstrates the fruitful cooperation between UK and Chinese scientists.
D. It may make household appliances serve an additional air cleaner function.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. It distinguishes different species of animals.
B. It reflects distinct traits in animal behavior.
C. It demonstrates animals’ ability to recognize themselves.
D. It gauges the level of intelligence of various animal species.
17. A. It meets few of the behavioral criteria set in the mirror test.
B. It behaves similarly to animals capable of self-recognition.
C. It removes marks from itself to show self-awareness.
D. It matches children over 18 months in intelligence.
18. A. They have conclusively established the criteria of animal intelligence.
B. They have advanced the concept of self-awareness to a higher level.
C. They incorporate more perspectives than one.
D. They raise more questions than answers.
00:00
25:54
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. Small children are even more keen on screens than their elders.
B. Both parents and children preferred to read electronic books.
C. Parents differed from children in reading behavior.
D. Children reading electronic books learned more.
20. A. They came to conflicting conclusions.
B. They were based on small samples.
C. They yielded unanticipated findings.
D. They were focused on younger kids.
21. A. Those that prove simple enough for them to comprehend.
B. Those that produce both audio and visual effects on them.
C. Those that draw their attention to the educational content.
D. Those that contribute to their increased interest in reading.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Regret having wasted much time in making them.
B. Think how different we could have made them.
C. Keep ourselves from regretting them.
D. Live with them for the time being.
23. A. It has made us the person we are now.
B. It has been made with a lot of thinking.
C. It stems from our valuable knowledge.
D. It benefits us greatly one way or another.
24. A. Challenging things to do.
B. Beautiful things to share.
C. Choices to make.
D. Lessons to learn.
25. A. Foreseeing the possibility for regret later.
B. Making proper use of the lessons learned.
C. Perfecting the decision-making strategies.
D. Seeing them as obstacles to moving forward.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
We humans love to believe we are special, but science and technology have repeatedly proved this conviction
wrong. People 26 thought that humans were the only animals to use tools, to form teams or to propagate
culture, but science has shown that other animals do each of these things.
Meanwhile, technology has quashed (使无效)，one by one, claims that 27 tasks require a human brain.
The first adding machine was invented in 1623. This past year, a computer-generated work won an art contest. I
believe the moment when computers meet and 28 human intelligence is on the horizon.
How will human intelligence and creativity be valued when machines become smarter and more creative
than the brightest people? There will likely be a spectrum. In some 29 , people still value humans doing things,
even if a computer can do it better. It’s been a quarter of a century since a computer beat world champion Garry
Kasparov, but human chess hasn’t gone away.
In other fields, human skill will seem costly and 30 . Take illustration for example: most readers don’t
care whether the graphic 31 a magazine article was drawn by a person or a computer — they just want it to be
relevant, new and perhaps 32 .
And, of course, this question isn’t black or white. Many fields will be a 33 , where some humans find a
lucky place, but most of the work is done by computers, like in manufacturing today, where much of the work is
than just shallow relationships based on common interests. Solidarity is not just a product of strategic
calculations of how much it will benefit the self. It is not an exclusive class founded on the you-and-me-against-
the-world principle. Rather, it is inclusive and is not forced. Acting out of solidarity means supporting and
standing up for each other — in recognition that one’s fate is in the fate of the other. It is a bond characterized by
cooperative practices and strengthened by the concern for the well-being of others or the common good. It fights
for the protection of human dignity and listens to and acts on the cries of the most vulnerable.
A. They cannot prosper without cooperating with each other.
B. They share a common interest and believe in a just cause.
C. They think and behave alike in different social groups.
D. They cannot gain independence without fighting for it.
A. It gives rise to a complicated division of labor.
B. It involves many aspects with great complexity.
C. It brings individuals together as environment changes.
D. It embraces the characteristics of different individuals.
48. What would we witness in the setting of communitarianism?
A. Ruling of social norms and ridding of individuality.
B. Emphasis on the adherence to individual differences.
C. Sacrifice of personal interests for the common good.
D. Elimination of individualism and personal choices.
49. What does solidarity entail according to the passage?
A. A limit to personal differences.
B. An opposition to individualism.
C. A hindrance to social advancement.
D. An inevitable end to liberal pursuits.
50. What do social theorists think of solidarity?
A. It is especially relevant to the most vulnerable.
B. It is most effective in protecting human dignity.
C. It is essential to progress and order in society.
D. It is indispensable to avoiding shallow relationships.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
People who repeatedly give unwanted advice can be well-meaning and genuinely want to help. Others might
do this out of a sense of self-worth around the ability to influence others. One study found that people with a high
tendency to seek power were more likely to give advice than those with an opposite tendency.
Under the guise (外表) of unselfishness, people may be driven to give you unwanted advice because it makes
them feel powerful or in control. They may not be fully aware of this drive, however.
These people may also display a problematic degree of emotional vulnerability, becoming upset very quickly,
and taking a long time to calm down. It is possible that their emotions were only validated in childhood when they
were at their loudest, encouraging them to adopt responses to discomfort that are excessive in most situations.
When someone is giving advice in order to make themselves feel more powerful, there is underlying anxiety
to their behavior that recipients of the advice tend to notice. It can be tempting in this situation to react harshly to
the advice giver and to accuse them of being manipulative, but this approach might produce an undesired result.
If the act of giving advice is contributing actively to someone’s feelings of self-worth, an outright (直率的)
rejection may be perceived as a threat, activating their fight-or-flight response, possibly causing them to double
down on their validation-seeking behavior, or leading to a larger conflict.
The key is to validate without over-identifying. You can let them know that you have heard them and
appreciate where they are coming from without taking on the potentially damaging narrative that you could not
have gotten by without their help. You had better say something like, “Thanks for the idea. I have my own plan for
handling this, but I really appreciate your perspective and will take it into consideration. Can I let you know when I
need help in the future?”
If you have trouble setting boundaries tactfully, prioritize working on your own ability to self-regulate. As
uncomfortable as it may make you continuously receiving unwanted advice, if you can respond with compassion,
the situation will likely diffuse much faster.
Though it is usually not the intended outcome of giving unsolicited advice, many who receive it often feel
stressed, offended, or simply annoyed by unwanted suggestions. Setting a boundary in this regard, if you feel you
need one, is perfectly reasonable and something that can bring you increased emotional safety.
It is best to set boundaries in a way that takes into account the individual’s underlying reasons for doing what
they are doing to avoid unnecessary conflict and more stress.
A. They turn out to be well-meaning.
B. They are genuinely kind-hearted.
C. They are capable of influencing others.
D. They are inclined to crave for power.
52. What is the problem with people who are driven to give you unsolicited advice?
A. They may be quick to upset others.
B. They may be emotionally vulnerable.
C. They want their voice to be the loudest.
D. They respond to discomfort excessively.
53. What is the advice receiver tempted to do when noticing the advice giver’s underlying anxiety?
A. Reveal the undesired result of their approach.
B. Refuse their advice in an undisguised manner.
C. Bring their real motives to the surface.
D. Accuse them of trying to control others.
54. How is the advice giver likely to react to the rejection of their advice?
A. They may regard it as a threat.
B. They may modify their behavior.
C. They get ready for a larger conflict.
D. They begin to doubt their self-worth.
55. What should the advice receiver do to avoid unnecessary conflict?
A. Concede the advice is perfectly reasonable.
B. Give their reasons for not taking the advice.
C. Understand why the advice giver offers the advice.
D. Explain their chosen way of handling the situation.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中华民族崇尚自强自立的精神，这一精神深植于中国文化之中，是民族生存与发展的重要支撑。改革
开放以来，中国在自强自立的征程上，持续加大科研投入，在信息技术、人工智能、航天工程等领域不断
取得新突破。5G 网络覆盖全国，远程医疗发展迅速，电子支付的使用全球领先，嫦娥探月工程展现了航天
领域引人注目的发展。自强自主精神成为推动国家现代化进程的强大动力，激励着中国人民为实现民族复
兴 (rejuvenation) 的中国梦不断奋进。