2018年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
第 1 页
2018 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题 (第 2 套）
Part I Writing (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the importance of
building trust between teachers and students. You can cite examples to illustrate your views. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations At the end of each conversation, you will
hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A). She advocates animal protection. B). She sells a special kind of coffee.
C). She is going to start a cafe chain. D). She is the owner of a special cafe.
2. A). They bear a lot of similarities. B). They are a profitable business sector.
C). They cater to different customers. D). They help take care of customers' pets.
3. A). By giving them regular cleaning and injections.
B). By selecting breeds that are tame and peaceful.
C). By placing them at a safe distance from customers.
D). By briefing customers on how to get along with them.
C). They love the animals in her cafe. D). They give her cafe favorite reviews.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A). It contains too many additives. B). It lacks the essential vitamins.
C). It can cause obesity. D). It is mostly garbage.
6. A). Its fancy design. B). TV commercials.
C). Its taste and texture. D). Peer influence.
7. A). Investing heavily in the production of sweet foods.
B). Marketing their products with ordinary ingredients.
C). Trying to trick children into buying their products.
D). Offering children more variable to choose from.
8. A). They hardly ate vegetables. B). They seldom had junk food.
C). They favored chocolate-coated sweets. D). They like the food advertised on TV.
第 2 页
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A). Stretches of farmland. B). Typical Egyptian animal farms.
C). Tombs of ancient rulers. D). Ruins left by devastating floods.
10. A). It provides habitats for more primitive tribes.
B). It is hardly associated with great civilizations.
C). It has not yet been fully explored and exploited.
D). It gathers water from many tropical rain forests.
B). It has numerous human settlements along its banks.
C). It is second only to the Mississippi River in width.
D). It is as long as the Nile and the Yangtze combined.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A). Living a life in the fast lane leads to success.
B). We are always in a rush to do various things.
C). The search for tranquility has become a trend.
D). All of us actually yearn for a slow and calm life .
13. A). She had trouble balancing family and work. B). She enjoyed the various social events.
C). She was accustomed to tight schedules. D). She spent all her leisure time writing books.
14. A). The possibility of ruining her family. B). Becoming aware of her declining health.
15. A). She started to follow the cultural norms. B). She came to enjoy doing everyday tasks.
C). She learn to use more polite expressions. D). She stopped using to-do lists and calendars.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A), B), C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A). They will root out native species altogether. B). They contribute to a region's biodiversity.
C). They pose a threat to the local ecosystem. D). They will crossbreed with native species.
17. A). Their classifications are meaningful. B). Their interactions are hard to define.
C). Their definitions are changeable. D). Their distinctions are artificial.
18. A). Only a few of them cause problems to native
i
B). They may turn to benefit the local environment
C). Few of them can survive in their new habitats.
00:00
27:31
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
第 3 页
D). Only 10 percent of them can be naturalized.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A). Respect their traditional culture. B). Attend their business seminars.
C). Research their specific demands. D). Adopt the right business strategies.
20. A). Showing them your palm.
B). Giving them gifts of great value.
C). Drinking alcohol on certain days of a month.
D). Clicking your fingers loudly in their presence.
21. A). They are very easy to satisfy. B). They have a strong sense of worth.
C). They trend to friendly and enthusiastic. D). They have a break from 2:00 to 5:30 p.m.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A). He completely changed the company's culture.
B). He collected paintings by world-famous artists.
C). He took over the sales department of Reader's Digest.
D). He had the company’s boardroom extensively renovated.
23. A). It should be sold at a reasonable price.
B). Its articles should be short and inspiring.
C). It should be published in the world's leading languages.
D). Its articles should entertain blue-and pink-collar workers.
24. A). He knew how to make the magazine profitable.
B). He served as a church minster for many years.
C). He suffered many setbacks and misfortunes in his life.
D). He treated the employees like members of his family.
25. A). It carried many more advertisements. B). George Grune joined it as an ad salesman.
C). Several hundred of its employees got fired. D). Its subscriptions increased considerably.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the
words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Mary with a stubborn lamb? This is still dispute , but it’s clear that the woman 26 for writing it was one of
28 author 's life.
Hale wasn’t just a writer, she was also a 29 social advocate, and she was particularly 30_ with an ideal
New England, which she associated with abundant Thanksgiving meals that she claimed had “a deep moral influence.”
she began a nationwide 31 to have a national holiday declared that would bring families together while
第 4 页
celebrating the 32 festivals. In 1863, after 17 years of advocacy including letters to five presidents， Hale got it.
President Abraham Lincoln, during the Civil War, issued a 33
the holiday.
setting aside the last Thursday in November for
The true authorship of “Mary’s Little Lamb” is disputed.. According to New England Historical Society, Hale
wrote only one part of the poem, but claimed authorship. Regardless of the author, it seems that the poem was
34 by a real event. When young Mary Sawyer was followed to school by a lamb in 1816, it caused some
to have helped write it. However, if a 1916 piece by her great-niece is to be trusted, Hale claimed for the
her life that “Some other people pretended that someone else wrote the poem”.
35 of
A). campaign B). career
C). characters D). features
E). fierce F). inspired
G). latter H). obsessed
I). proclamation J). rectified
K). reputed L). rest
M). supposed N). traditional
O). versatile
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet2.
Grow Plants Without Water
[A]. Ever since humanity began to farm our own food, we've faced the unpredictable rain that is both
friend and enemy. It comes and goes without much warning, and a field of lush ( 茂 盛 的 ) leafy
greens one year can dry up and blow away the next. Food security and fortunes depend on sufficient
rain, and nowhere more so than in Africa, where 96% of farmland depends on rain instead of the
irrigation common in more developed places. It has consequences : South Africa's ongoing drought—
the worst in three decades— will cost at least a quarter of its com crop this year.
[B]. Biologist Jill Farrant of the University of Cape Town in South Africa says that nature has plenty of
answers for people who want to grow crops in places with unpredictable rainfall. She is hard at
work finding a way to take traits from rare wild plants that adapt to extreme dry weather and use
them in food crops. As the earth's climate changes and rainfall becomes even less predictable in
some places, those answers will grow even more valuable."The type of farming I'm aiming for is
literally so that people can survive as it's going to get more and more dry,"Farrant says.
[C]. Extreme conditions produce extremely tough plants. In the rusty red deserts of South Africa, steep-
sided rocky hills called inselbergs rear up from the plains like the bones of the earth. The hills are
remnants of an earlier geological era, scraped bare of most soil and exposed to the elements. Yet on
these and similar formations in deserts around the world, a few fierce plants have adapted to endure
under ever-changing conditions.
[D]. Farrant calls them resurrection plants (复苏植物) . During months without water under a harsh sun.
They wither, shrink and contract until they look like a pile of dead gray leaves. But rainfall can
revive them in a matter of hours. Her time-lapse ( 间 歇 性 拍 摄 的 ) videos of the revivals look like
someone playing a tape of the plant's death in reverse.
第 8 页
The actual question we debate is who should pay for people to go to college. If taxpayers are
to bear the cost of forgiving student loans, shouldn't they have a say in how their money is used?
At least taxpayers should be able to decide what students will study on the public dime. If
we're going to force taxpayers to foot the bill for college degrees, students should only study those
subjects that’re of greatest benefit to taxpayers. After all, students making their own choices in this
respect is what caused the problem in the first place. We simply don't need more poetry, gender
studies, or sociology majors. How do we know which subjects benefit society? Easy.
Average starting salaries give a clear indication of what type of training society needs its new
workers to have. Certainly, there're benefits to a college major beyond the job a student can
major enables the student to produce for society. And the value of what the student can produce is
reflected in the wage employers are willing to pay the student to produce it.
A low wage for elementary school teachers, however, doesn't mean elementary education isn’t
important. It simply means there're too many elementary school teachers already.
Meanwhile, there're few who're willing and able to perform jobs requiring a petroleum
engineering major, so the value of one more of those people is very high
So we can have taxpayers pick up students' tuition in exchange for dictating what those
students will study. Or we can allow students both to choose their majors and pay for their
education themselves. But in the end ,one of two things is true:
Either a college major is worth its cost or it isn't. If yes, taxpayer financing isn't needed If not
taxpayer financing isn't desirable. Either way, taxpayers have no business paying for students'
college education.
51. What does the author think of college students funding their education through loans?
A)They only expect to get huge returns.
C) They benefit at taxpayers expense.
B)They are acting in an irrational way.
D) They will regret doing so someday.
52. In the author's opinion, free college education is .
A) impractical B)unsustainable
C)a goal to strive for D) a way to social equality
53. What should students do if taxpayers are to bear their college costs?
A) Work even harder to repay society.
B) Choose their subjects more carefully.
C) Choose majors that will serve society's practical need.
D) Allow taxpayers to participate in college administration.
E) It is underestimated by profit-seeking employers.
B) It is to be proved by what they can do on the job.
C) It is well reflected in their average starting salary.
D) It is embodied in how they remove social barriers.
55. What message does the author want to convey in the passage?
A)Students should think care fully whether to go to college
B) Taxpayers should only finance the most gifted students.
C)The worth of a college education is open to debate.
D) College students should fund their own education..
第 9 页
Part I Translation (30minutes)
Directions
： For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国目前拥有世界上最大最快的高速铁路网。高铁列车的运行速度还将继续提升，更多的城市将
修建高铁站。高铁大大缩短了人们出行的时间。相对飞机而言，高铁列车的突出优势在于准时，因为
基本不受天气或交通管制的影响。高铁极大地改变了中国人的生活方式。如今，它已经成了很多人商
务旅行的首选交通工具。越来越多的人也在假日乘高铁外出旅游。还有不少年轻人选择在一个城市工
作而在邻近城市居住，每天乘高铁上下班。