2023年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2023 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “It is
widely accepted that an important goal of education is to help students learn how to learn.” You can make
comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will
hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. It was spacious and tranquil.
B. It was warm and comfortable.
C. It was shabby and solitary.
D. It was tiny and noisy.
2. A. She no longer hates people talking loudly in the dorm.
C. She begins to enjoy the movies she once found irritating.
D. She finds the crowded dorm as cozy as her new apartment.
3. A. He found the apartment perfectly furnished.
B. He had a feeling of despair and frustration.
C. He had a similar feeling to the woman’s.
D. He felt the new place was like paradise.
4. A. Go to see the woman’s apartment.
B. Make a phone call to his parents.
C. Buy some furniture for the woman.
D. Decorate the woman’s apartment.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. He works as a literary critic.
B. He hosts an educational program.
C. He has initiated a university reform.
D. He has published a book recently.
6. A. It fails to keep up with the radical changes of society.
B. It fails to ensure universities get sufficient resources.
C. It has not prepared young people for the job market.
D. It has not fostered the growth of the arts disciplines.
7. A. More of the budget should go to science and technology.
B. The underfunded music discipline should be prioritized.
C. Subdisciplines like sculpture should get more funding.
D. Literature should get as much funding as engineering.
8. A. Build a prosperous nation.
B. Make skilled professionals.
C. Create ingenious artists.
D. Cultivate better citizens.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. It is quite common.
B. It is rarely noticed.
C. It seldom annoys people.
D. It occurs when one is alone.
10. A. Seeing things in black and white.
B. Engaging in regular contemplation.
C. Having a special understanding of creativity.
D. Knowing how to make their mental batteries work.
11. A. Engaging in intense activity.
B. Fantasizing in one’s down time.
C. Working on a particular project.
D. Reflecting during one’s relaxation.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Farmers helped Native Americans grow crops.
B. There were expansive university campuses.
C. There existed post offices.
D. Migrants found gold there.
13. A. It helped to boost the economy in the American West.
B. It provided job opportunities for many gold seekers.
C. It extended the influence of the federal government.
D. It kept people in the deserts and plains connected.
14. A. It employed Native Americans to work as postmen.
B. It commissioned private wagons to carry the mail.
C. It subsidized the locals who acted as postmasters.
D. It centralized postal services in its remote areas.
15. A. He analyzed interactive maps of mail routes.
B. He read a large collection of books on the topic.
C. He examined its historical trends with data science.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
00:00
27:32
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Higher levels of anxiety may improve people’s memory.
B. Some experiences are easier to remember than others.
C. Most people tend to remember things selectively.
D. Simple thing may leave a deep impression on one’s memory.
17. A. They classified the participants’ mindset.
B. They showed some photos to the participants.
C. They measured the participants’ anxiety levels.
18. A. Anxiety has become a serious problem for an increasing number of people.
B. Extreme levels of anxiety can adversely affect cognitive performance.
C. People diagnosed with anxiety disorder may forget things selectively.
D. There is no direct correlation between memory and levels of anxiety.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. They compare products from different companies before making a choice.
B. They get information from other consumers’ postings and comments.
C. They lose patience when their phone call is not promptly answered.
D. They expect to get instantaneous responses to their inquiry.
20. A. Giving them rewards on the spot.
B. Broadening their scope of interest.
C. Speaking directly to their emotions.
D. Focusing on the details of the product.
21. A. Change the rules of the game in the market every year.
B. Keep up with the latest technological developments.
C. Learn from technological innovators to do business.
D. Make greater efforts to build up consumers’ confidence.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. People have only one social engagement per week.
B. Working together enhances friendship.
C. Few people have devoted friends.
D. Friendships benefit work.
23. A. The impact of friends on people’s self-esteem.
B. How supportive friends can be in the workplace.
C. How to boost one’s sense of value and worthiness.
D. The role of family ties in people’s mental well-being.
24. A. They show little interest in their friends’ work.
B. They tend to be much more difficult to make.
C. They are more trustworthy and reliable.
D. They increase people’s job satisfaction.
50. Why does the author say the creatures living in the more and more AI-mediated world will become
increasingly unlike us?
A. They will have lost the most significant human element of being intelligent.
B. They will no longer possess the human characteristic of being unpredictable.
C. They will not be able to understand themselves as we can do today.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Phonics, which involves sounding out words syllable (音节) by syllable, is the best way to teach
children to read. But in many classrooms, this can be a dirty word. So much so that some teachers have
had to sneak phonics teaching materials into the classroom. Most American children are taught to read in
a way that study after study has found to be wrong.
The consequences of this are striking. Less than half of all American adults were proficient readers
in 2017. American fourth graders rank 15th on the Progress in International Literacy Study, an
international exam.
Some advocate teaching symbol-sound relationships (the sound k can be spelled as c, k, ck, or ch), known
as phonics. Others support an immersive approach (using pictures of a cat to learn the word cat), known
as “whole language”. Most teachers today, almost three out of four according to a survey by the EdWeek
Research Centre in 2019, use a mix called “balanced literacy”. This combination of methods is
ineffective. “You can’t sprinkle in a little phonics,” says Tenette Smith, executive director of elementary
education and reading at Mississippi’s education department. “It has to be systematic and explicitly
taught.”
Mississippi, often behind in social policy, has set an example here. In a state once notorious for its
low reading scores, the Mississippi state legislature passed new literacy standards in 2013. Since then
Mississippi has seen remarkable gains. Its fourth graders have moved from 49th (out of 50 states) to 29th
on the National Assessment of Educational Progress, a nationwide exam. In 2019 it was the only state to
improve its scores. For the first time since measurement began, Mississippi’s pupils are now average
readers, a remarkable achievement in such a poor state.
Mississippi’s success is attributed to implementing reading methods supported by a body of research
known as the science of reading. In 1997 Congress requested the National Institute of Child Health and
Human Development and the Department of Education to convene a National Reading Panel to end the
“reading wars” and synthesize the evidence. The panel found that phonics, along with explicit instruction
in phonemic (音位的) awareness, fluency and comprehension, worked best.
Yet over two decades on, “balanced literacy” is still being taught in classrooms. But advances in
statistics and brain imaging have disproved the whole-language method. To the teacher who is a
proficient reader, literacy seems like a natural process that requires educated guessing, rather than the
deliberate process emphasized by phonics. Teachers can imagine that they learned to read through
osmosis (潜移默化) when they were children. Without proper training, they bring this to classrooms.
A. It is ill reputed.
B. It is mostly misapplied.
C. It is arbitrarily excluded.
D. It is misrepresented.
52. What has America been witnessing for decades?
A. An obsession with innovating teaching methodologies of reading.
B. An enduring debate over the approach to teaching children to read.
C. An increasing concern with many children’s inadequacy in literacy.
D. An ever-forceful advocacy of a combined method for teaching reading.
53. Why does Tenette Smith think a combination of teaching methods is ineffective?
A. Elementary school children will be frustrated when taught with several methods combined.
B. Phonics has to be systematically applied and clearly taught to achieve the desired effect.
C. Sprinkling in a little phonics deters the progress of even adequately motivated children.
D. Balanced literacy fails to sustain children’s interest in developing a good reading habit.
54. What does the author say Mississippi’s success is attributed to?
A. Convening a National Reading Panel to synthesize research evidence.
B. Placing sufficient emphasis upon both fluency and comprehension.
C. Adopting scientifically grounded approaches to teaching reading.
D. Obtaining support from Congress to upgrade teaching methods.
55. What have advances in statistics and brain imaging proved ineffective?
A. The teaching of symbol-sound relationships.
B. Explicit instruction in phonemic awareness.
C. Efforts to end the reading wars.
D. The immersive approach.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
随着中国经济的快速发展和人们生活水平的稳步提高，城市居民对环境和生活品质的要求越
来越高。中国地方政府更加注重公共设施的建设和改进，以更好地满足人们的需求。通过兴建新
的广场、公园和公共绿地或对原有公共场地重新加以规划改造，许多城市为市民提供了更多休闲
和社交的场所。如今，政府出资购置的健身器械和铺设的健身步道在不少城市随处可见，既明显
改善了市民户外活动的条件，又使城市更加美丽。