2023年6月英语六级真题(第3套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2023 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Today
there is a growing awareness that mental well-being needs to be given as much attention as physical
health.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
提示：2023 年 6 月全国只考两套听力，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension ( 40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words
in the bank more than once.
Imagine sitting down to a big dinner: a massive steak, a large portion of fried potatoes, and cake for
dessert. After eating so much, you should be too full to eat another bite. But some people experience a
powerful urge to keep eating, even after 26 in a huge meal, a behavior that makes little sense, as
most adults are well-versed in the dangers of obesity, which researchers have shown correlates with 27
health issues and is even linked to increased 28 risk. But some people still keep eating long after
they should stop, a phenomenon Dr. Susan Thompson calls “insatiable ( 永不 满 足的) hunger.” It is
characterized by two main 29 : not being satisfied by eating, and having a desire to stay sedentary (久
坐不动的).
This is at 30 with how humans are biologically programmed. When there was a great deal of
food available, ancient people would gorge on calories; this massive calorie intake was accompanied by
an urge to get active. Humans were also programmed for something called “compensation,” which is the
brain’s 31 mechanism for preventing the accumulation of excess weight. With compensation, if you
eat one large meal in the morning, you are naturally 32 to eat less for the rest of the day.
But recent studies show that 70% of American adults have lost the ability to naturally compensate
for the calories they consume; worse 33 , a significant number of them report 34 hunger halfway
through an eating session, but, by the end of the meal, they feel the same or higher levels of hunger than
when they sat down. Dr. Thompson argues that the main cause of this phenomenon is the modern diet,
which is 35 of food high in sugar, carbohydrates and calories.
A. attributes
B. comprised
C. conceded
D. conservation
E. diminishing
F. far
G. inclined
H. indulging
I. innumerable
J. mortality
K. odds
L. plights
M. regulatory
N. still
O. unmatchable
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Problem with Being Perfect
A. When psychologist Jessica Pryor lived near an internationally renowned university, she once saw a
student walking into a library holding a sleeping bag and a coffee maker. She has heard of graduate
students spending 12 to 18 hours at a time in the lab. Their schedules are meant to be literally
punishing: If they are scientists-in-training, they won’t allow themselves to watch Netflix until their
experiments start generating results. “Relationships become estranged ( 疏 远 的 ) — people stop
inviting them to social gatherings or dinner parties, which leads them to spend even more time in the
lab,” Pryor told me.
B. Along with other therapists, Pryor, who is now with the Family Institute at Northwestern University, is
perfection in their work — sometimes at any cost. Though it is often portrayed as a positive trait,
Pryor and others say extreme perfectionism can lead to depression, anxiety, and even suicide.
C. What’s more, perfectionism seems to be on the rise. In a study of thousands of American, Canadian,
and British college students published earlier this year, Thomas Curran of the University of Bath and
Andrew Hill of York St. John University found that today’s college students report higher levels of
perfectionism than college students did during the 1990s or early 2000s. They measured three types of
perfectionism: self-oriented, or a desire to be perfect; socially prescribed, or a desire to live up to
others’ expectations; and other-oriented, or holding others to unrealistic standards. From 1989 to 2016,
they found, self-oriented perfectionism scores increased by 10 percent, socially prescribed scores rose
by 33 percent, and other-oriented perfectionism increased by 16 percent.
D. A person living with an other-oriented perfectionist might feel criticized by the perfectionist spouse
for not doing household chores exactly the “right” way. “One of the most common things couples
Providence, Rhode Island.
E. Curran describes socially prescribed perfectionism as “My self-esteem is contingent on what other
people think.” His study didn’t examine the causal reasons for its rise, but he assumes that the rise of
both standardized testing and social media might play a role. These days, LinkedIn alerts us when our
安装App
生词本
rival gets a new job, and Instagram can let us know how well “liked” our lives are compared with a
friend’s. In an opinion piece earlier this year, Curran and Hill argue that society has also become more
dog-eat-dog. “Over the last 50 years, public interest and civic responsibility have been progressively
eroded,” they write, “replaced by a focus on self-interest and competition in a supposedly free and
open marketplace.” We strive for perfection, it seems, because we feel we must in order to get ahead.
Michael Brustein, a clinical psychologist in Manhattan, says when he first began practicing in 2007,
he was surprised by how prevalent perfectionism was among his clients, despite how little his graduate
training had focused on the phenomenon. He sees perfectionism in, among others, clients who are
entrepreneurs, artists, and tech employees. “You’re in New York because you’re ambitious, you have
this need to strive,” he says. “But then your whole identity gets wrapped into a goal.”
F. Perfectionism can, of course, be a positive force. Think of professional athletes, who train
aggressively for ever-higher levels of competition. In well-adjusted perfectionism, someone who
doesn’t get the gold is able to forget the setback and move on. In maladaptive (不当的) perfectionism,
meanwhile, people make an archive of all their failures. They revisit these archives constantly,
thinking, as Pryor puts it, “I need to make myself feel terrible so I don’t do this again.” Then they
double down, “raising the expectation bar even higher, which increases the likelihood of defeat, which
makes you self-critical, so you raise the bar higher, work even harder,” she says. Next comes failure,
shame, and pushing yourself even harder toward even higher and more impossible goals. Meeting
them becomes an “all or nothing” premise. Pryor offered this example: “Even if I’m an incredible
attorney, if I don’t make partner in the same pacing as one of my colleagues, clearly that means I’m a
failure.”
G. Brustein says his perfectionist clients tend to devalue their accomplishments, so that every time a goal
is achieved, the high lasts only a short time, like “a gas tank with a hole in it.” If the boss says you did
a great job, it’s because he doesn’t know anything. If the audience likes your work, that’s because it’s
too stupid to know what good art actually is. But, therapists say, there are also different ways
perfectionism manifests. Some perfectionists are always pushing themselves forward. But others
actually fall behind on work, unable to complete assignments unless they are, well, perfect. Or they
might handicap their performance ahead of time. They’re the ones partying until 2 a.m. the night
before the final, so that when the grade C rolls in, there’s a ready excuse.
H. While educators and parents have successfully convinced students of the need to be high performing
and diligent, the experts told me, they haven’t adequately prepared them for the inevitability of failure.
Instead of praises like “You’re so smart,” parents and educators should say things like “You really
stuck with it,” Pryor says, to emphasize the value of perseverance over intrinsic talent. Pryor notes that
many of her clients are wary she’ll “turn them into some degenerate couch potato and teach them to be
okay with it.” Instead, she tries to help them think through the parts of their perfectionism they’d like
to keep, and to lose the parts that are ruining their lives.
I. Bach, who sees many students from Brown University, says some of them don’t even go out on
weekends, let alone weekdays. She tells them, “Aim high, but get comfortable with good enough.”
When they don’t get some award, she encourages them to remember that “one outcome is not a basis
B. It is rooted in our desire for material possessions.
C. It is comparable to that of virus.
D. It is literally limited to children.
50. What is the opponents’ argument against a complete ban on advertising to young children?
B. It would render them unable to carve out unique identities.
C. It would breach their freedom as would-be consumers.
D. It would violate the rights endowed upon advertisers.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Many oppose workplace surveillance, because of the inherent dehumanizing effect it has and the
relentless pressure it brings. But it’s on the rise around the world as firms look to become more efficient
by squeezing more productivity from their workers. More than half of companies with over $750m in
annual revenue used “non-traditional” monitoring techniques on staff last year.
Monitoring employee performance gives firms the ability to assess how their staff are performing
and interacting, which can be good for both the firm and employees themselves. A growing number of
analytics companies offer this service. They gather “data exhaust” left by employees’ email and instant
messaging apps, and use name badges equipped with radio-frequency identification devices and
microphones. These can check how much time you spend talking, your volume and tone of voice, even if
you do not dominate conversations. While this may sound intrusive, exponents argue that it can also
protect employees against bullying and sexual harassment.
Some of this data analysis can produce unexpected results. For example, it was found that people
who sat at 12-person lunch tables tended to interact, share ideas more and outperform those who regularly
sat at four-person tables, a fact that would probably have gone undetected without such data analysis.
Over the last few years a Stockholm co-working space called Epicenter has gone much further and
holds popular “chipping parties”, where people can have microchips implanted in their hands. They can
use the implants to access electronically-controlled doors, or monitor how typing speed correlates with
heart rate. Implanted chips may seem extreme, but it is a relatively small step from ID cards and
biometrics to such devices.
As long as such schemes are voluntary, there will probably be a growing number of convenience-
oriented uses so that a substantial number of workers would opt to have a chip inserted. But if implanted
chips are used to reduce slack time or rest breaks, that could prove to be detrimental. And if surveillance
tools take away autonomy, that’s when they prove most unpopular. A lot depends on how such
monitoring initiatives are communicated and this could prevent possible revolts being staged.
information they’re collecting and what they’re doing with it, research suggests 46% of employees are
generally okay with it. Although many such monitoring schemes use anonymised data and participation
is voluntary, many staffers remain sceptical and fear an erosion of their civil liberties.
So workplace surveillance could be empowering for staff and useful for companies looking to
become more efficient and profitable. But implemented in the wrong way, it could also become an
unpopular tool of oppression that proves counterproductive.
51. Why are many people opposed to monitoring employee performance?
A. It puts workers under constant pressure.
B. It is universally deemed anti-human by nature.
C. It does both mental and physical harm to employees monitored.
D. It enables firms to squeeze maximal productivity from employees.
52. What is the supporters’ argument for workplace surveillance?
A. It enables employees to refrain from dominating conversations.
B. It enhances employees’ identification with firms they work in.
C. It can alert employees to intrusion into their privacy.
D. It can protect employees against aggressive behavior.
53. What does the author want to show by the example of different numbers of people interacting at lunch
tables?
A. Data analysis is key to the successful implementation of workplace surveillance.
B. Analyzing data gathered from workers can yield something unexpected.
C. More workmates sitting at a lunch table tend to facilitate interaction and idea sharing.
D. It is hard to decide on how many people to sit at a lunch table without data analysis.
54. What does much of the positive effect of monitoring initiatives depend on?
A. How frequently employees are to be monitored.
B. What specific personal information is being excluded.
C. What steps are taken to minimize their detrimental impact.
D. How well bosses make known their purpose of monitoring.
55. What concern do monitoring initiatives cause among many staffers?
A. They may empower employers excessively.
B. They may erode the workplace environment.
C. They may infringe upon staffers’ entitled freedom.
D. They may become counterproductive in the long run.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，中国城市加快发展，城市人居环境得到显著改善。许多城市努力探索中国特色的城
市高质量发展之路，城市功能不断完善，治理水平明显提高。中国持续开展城市生态修复和功能
修补，全面实施城镇老旧小区改造，大力推进城市园林绿化，消除污染；同时大力推进城市基础
设施体系化建设，开展房屋建筑和市政设施普查以及安全隐患排查整治，努力为市民创造高品质
的生活环境，让城市更美丽、更安全、更宜居。