2023年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2023 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As is
known to all, gaining a sound knowledge of the basics is of vital importance for students to master an academic
subject.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words (not including the sentence given).
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. It is clear that he is expected to enjoy a healthy life.
B. There is nothing wrong with his digestive system.
C. There is some indication of an issue with his blood circulation.
D. He doesn’t know he has long been suffering from poor health.
2. A. Mistaking symptoms of illness for stress.
B. Complaining they are being overworked.
C. Being unaware of the stress they are under.
D. Suffering from illness without recognising it.
3. A. Prescribe some medication for him.
B. Give him another physical check-up.
C. Explain to him the common consequence of stress.
D. Buy some sleeping pills for him from the drugstore.
4. A. It calls for responsible management.
B. It proves to be quite profitable.
C. It is remarkably promising.
D. It is full of competition.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. To avoid being in the limelight.
B. To seek medical help for his injury.
C. To pursue a less competitive career.
D. To stay away from his hostile teammates.
6. A. It has ups and downs.
B. It proves rewarding.
C. It does not last long.
D. It is not so profitable.
7. A. He was a financial advisor.
B. He suffered from poor health.
C. He became a basketball coach.
D. He was back in the news.
8. A. Study issues of public health.
B. Alleviate the obesity problem
C. Raise sufficient public funding.
D. Train young basketball players.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. When she started teaching at Edinburgh University in Scotland.
B. While she was doing her doctoral studies on American Literature.
C. After publishing her first novel Behind the Scenes at the Museum.
D. After winning the 1986 Woman’s Own Short Story Competition.
10. A. The themes of love and loss.
B. The code of human behaviour.
C. The sins and flaws of eccentrics.
D. The manners of fashionable circles.
11. A. They are usually ignorant of complex human relations.
B. They successfully imitate the manners of celebrities.
C. They often get rewarded instead of being punished.
D. They are generally looked down upon in society.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. It is what members use to alleviate tension in a team.
B. It is what employers are increasing seeking after.
C. It is conducive to getting over a recession.
D. It is necessary for learning a new task.
13. A. Make better choices.
B. Follow innovative ideas.
C. Achieve recognition duly.
D. Accumulate work experience.
14. A. Workers show more emotional intelligence.
B. Workers use brains more than muscles.
C. People usually work flexible hours.
D. People often work in teams.
15. A. Leave the group as soon as possible.
B. Anticipate setbacks well in advance.
C. Decide on new priorities speedily.
D. Stick to original goals confidently.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. What differentiates people from animals.
B. Why philosophers disagree with scientists.
C. Where humans’ great cognitive capacity originates.
D. When being creative becomes a biological mandate.
17. A. It is what tells apart two adjacent generations.
B. It is what sharpens our appetite for novelty.
C. It is something only geniuses can achieve.
D. It is something every human being can do.
18. A. It seeks inspiration for novel inventions.
B. It constantly absorbs new information.
C. It uses existing ideas to create new ones.
D. It repeats precedent on a regular basis.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. Dogs know when their owners are not feeling well.
B. Dogs have the cognition for telling right from wrong.
C. Dogs have an aptitude for developing skills to interact with humans.
D. Dogs know when their human companions can no longer stand them.
00:00
26:05
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
20. A. They can readily detect different ill smells of viruses.
B. They can easily tell what bacteria cause odor change.
C. They are particularly sensitive to strange smells.
D. They have an extremely powerful sense of smell.
21. A. It can ensure owners suffer fewer chronic diseases.
B. It can benefit owners both physically and mentally.
C. It can reduce owners’ risk of getting cancer or diabetes.
D. It can alert owners to the seriousness of their conditions.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Crack down on courses like science, technology, engineering and math.
B. Restrict the ability of creative arts courses to recruit new students.
C. Look at how to reform technical and vocational education.
D. Ensure creative arts students get better value for money.
23. A. Seemingly reasonable.
B. Clearly well-grounded.
C. Extremely irrational.
D. Apparently simplistic.
24. A. A high proportion of them haven’t tried to save money.
B. Most of them never hope to buy a house or to retire.
C. Forty percent of them earn less than £25,000 a year.
D. The majority of them have fairly well-paying jobs.
25. A. The context of a bank balance.
B. Britain’s economy as a whole.
C. The specific degree a student earns.
D. Britain’s defective educational system.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
Our brains respond to language expressing facts differently than they do to words conveying possibility,
scientists at New York University have recently found. Their work offers new insights into the impact word
choice has on how we 26 between statements expressing what is real versus what is merely possible. The
researchers assert their findings are important because we are presented with false information all the time.
Some of this is 27 , as is the case with deceptive advertisements, but the problem is 28 by
individuals who believe they are sharing correct information. Thus, it is more important than ever to separate
the factual from the possible or merely 29 in how we communicate. This is especially true as the study
makes clear that information presented as fact 30 special responses in our brains, which are distinct from
when we process the same content with clear indicators of 31 .
In their new study, the scientists intended to 32 how the brain computes possibilities as expressed by
words such as “may,” “might,” and “if.” The researchers compared brain responses to statements expressing
factual 33 and those expressing possibility. “There is a monster under my bed” exemplifies a factual
A. People have failed to see a corresponding increase in wages and in productivity.
B. People have been disheartened by the widening gap between the haves and have-nots.
C. People have witnessed a tug of war between Republicans and Democrats over tax cuts.
D. People have seen the link disappearing between productivity and workers’ well-being.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Journal editors decide what gets published and what doesn’t, affecting the careers of other academics and
influencing the direction that a field takes. You’d hope, then, that journals would do everything they can to
establish a diverse editorial board, reflecting a variety of voices, experiences, and identities.
Unfortunately a new study in Nature Neuroscience makes for disheartening reading. The team finds that
the majority of editors in top psychology and neuroscience journals are male and based in the United States: a
situation that may be amplifying existing gender inequalities in the field and influencing the kind of research
that gets published.
Men were found to account for 60% of the editors of psychology journals. There were significantly more
male than female editors at each level of seniority, and men made up the majority of editors in over three
quarters of the journals. Crucially, the proportion of female editors was significantly lower than the overall
proportion of women psychology researchers.
The differences were even starker in the neuroscience journals: 70% of editors were male, and men held
the majority of editorial positions in 88% of journals. In this case, the proportion of female editors was not
significantly lower than the proportion of female researchers working in neuroscience — a finding that
reveals enduring gender disparities in the field more broadly.
Based on their results, the team concludes that “the ideas, values and decision-making biases of men are
overrepresented in the editorial positions of the most recognized academic journals in psychology and
neuroscience.”
Gender inequality in science is often attributed to the fact that senior academics are more likely to be
male, because historically science was male-dominated: it’s argued that as time goes on and more women rise
to senior roles, the field will become more equal. Yet this study showed that even the junior roles in
psychology journals tended to be held disproportionately by men, despite the fact that there are actually more
female than male junior psychology faculty.
This implies that a lack of female academics is not the problem. Instead, there are structural reasons that
women are disadvantaged in science. Women receive lower salaries and face greater childcare demands, for
instance, which can result in fewer publications and grants — the kinds of things that journals look for when
deciding who to appoint. Rather than simply blaming the inequality of editorial boards on tradition, we should
be actively breaking down these existing barriers.
A lack of diversity among journal editors also likely contributes to psychology’s WEIRD problem. If
journal editors are largely men from the United States, then they will probably place higher value on papers
that are relevant to Western, male populations, whether consciously or not.
51. What would we expect an editorial board of an academic journal to exhibit in view of its important
responsibilities?
A. Insight. B. Expertise. C. Integrity. D. Diversity.
52. What do we learn from the findings of a new study in Nature Neuroscience?
A. The majority of top psychology and neuroscience journals reflect a variety of voices, experiences and
identities.
B. The editorial boards of most psychology and neuroscience journals do influence the direction their field
takes.
C. The editorial boards of the most important journals in psychology and neuroscience are male-
dominated.
D. The majority of editors in top psychology and neuroscience journals have relevant backgrounds.
53. What fact does the author highlight concerning the gender differences in editors of psychology journals?
A. There were quite a few female editors who also distinguished themselves as influential psychology
researchers.
B. The number of female editors was simply disproportionate to that of women engaged in psychology
research.
C. The proportion of female editors was increasingly lower at senior levels.
D. There were few female editors who could move up to senior positions.
54. What can we infer from the conclusion drawn by the team of the new study on the basis of their findings?
A. Women’s views are underrepresented in the editorial boards of top psychology and neuroscience
journals.
B. Male editors of top psychology and neuroscience journals tend to be biased against their female
colleagues.
C. Male researchers have enough representation in the editorial boards to ensure their publications.
D. Female editors have to struggle to get women’s research articles published in academic journals.
55. What does the author suggest we do instead of simply blaming the inequality of editorial boards on
tradition?
A. Strike a balance between male and female editors.
B. Increase women’s employment in senior positions.
C. Enlarge the body of female academics.
D. Implement overall structural reforms.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
随着经济与社会的发展，中国人口结构发生了显著变化，逐渐步入老龄化社会。中国老年人口将持
续增加，人口老龄化趋势将更加明显。为了应对人口老龄化带来的种种挑战，国家正积极采取措施，加
大对养老的支持。通过改革社会保障 (social security) 制度，政府不断增加社会保障经费，逐步扩大社会
保障覆盖范围，使更多老年人受益。政府还鼓励各种社会团体为老年人提供服务。在政府和社会团体的
共同努力下，老年人将生活得更加幸福。