2024年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2024 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Nowadays,
cultivating independent learning ability is becoming increasingly crucial for personal development.” You can make
comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words. (You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.)
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Read numerous comments users put online.
B. Blended all his food without using a machine.
C. Searched for the state-of-the-art models of blenders.
D. Did thorough research on the price of kitchen appliances.
2. A. Eating any blended food.
B. Buying a blender herself.
C. Using machines to do her cooking.
D. Making soups and juices for herself.
3. A. Cooking every meal creatively in the kitchen.
B. Paying due attention to his personal hygiene.
C. Eating breakfast punctually every morning.
D. Making his own fresh fruit juice regularly.
4. A. One-tenth of it is sugar.
B. It looks healthy and attractive.
C. One’s fancy may be tickled by it.
D. It contains an assortment of nutrients.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. How he has made himself popular as the mayor of Berkton.
B. How the residents will turn Berkton into a tourist attraction.
C. How charming he himself considers the village of Berkton to be.
D. How he has led people of Berkton to change the village radically.
6. A. It was developed only to a limited extent.
B. It was totally isolated as a sleepy village.
C. It was relatively unknown to the outside.
D. It was endowed with rare natural resources.
7. A. All the properties in Berkton were designed by the same architect.
B. The majority of residents lived in harmony with their neighbours.
C. The majority of residents enjoyed cosy housing conditions.
D. All the houses in Berkton looked aesthetically similar.
8. A. They have helped boost the local economy.
B. They have made the residents unusually proud.
C. They have contributed considerably to its popularity.
D. They have brought happiness to everyone in the village.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They have created the smallest remote-controlled walking robot in the world.
B. They are going to publish their research findings in the journal Science Robotics.
C. They are the first to build a robot that can bend, crawl, walk, turn and even jump.
D. They are engaged in research on a remote-controlled robot which uses special power.
10. A. It changes its shape by complex hardware.
B. It is operated by a special type of tiny motor.
C. It moves from one place to another by memory.
D. It is powered by the elastic property of its body.
11. A. Replace humans in exploratory tasks.
B. Perform tasks in tightly confined spaces.
C. Explore the structure of clogged arteries.
D. Assist surgeons in highly complex surgery.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. She threw up in the bathroom.
B. She slept during the entire ride.
C. She dozed off for a few minutes.
D. She boasted of her marathon race.
13. A. They are mostly immune to cognitive impairment.
B. They can sleep soundly during a rough ride at sea.
C. They are genetically determined to need less sleep.
14. A. Whether there is a way to reach elite status.
B. Whether it is possible to modify one’s genes.
C. Whether having a baby impacts one’s passion.
D. Whether one can train themselves to sleep less.
15. A. It is in fact quite possible to nurture a passion for sleep.
B. Babies can severely disrupt their parents’ sleep patterns.
C. Being forced to rise early differs from being an early bird.
D. New parents are forced to jump out of bed at the crack of dawn.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. We have poor awareness of how many controversial issues are being debated
C. No one can change your opinions more than those who speak in a convincing tone.
D. We are likely to underestimate how much we can be swayed by a convincing article.
B. Their memory pushed them toward a current belief.
C. The memory of their initial belief came back to them.
D. Their experiences of physical punishment haunted them.
18. A. They apparently have little to do with moderate beliefs.
B. They don’t reflect the changes of view on physical punishment.
C. They may not apply to changes to extreme or deeply held beliefs.
D. They are unlikely to alter people’s position without more evidence.
00:00
25:49
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. American moms have been increasingly inclined to live alone.
B. The American population has been on the rise in the past 25 years.
C. American motherhood has actually been on the decline.
D. The fertility rates in America have in fact been falling sharply.
20. A. More new mothers tend to take greater care of their children.
B. More new mothers are economically able to raise children.
C. A larger proportion of women take pride in their children.
D. A larger proportion of women really enjoy motherhood.
21. A. The meaning of motherhood has changed considerably.
B. More and more mothers go shopping to treat themselves.
C. More mothers have adult children celebrating the holiday.
D. The number of American mothers has been growing steadily.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Add to indoor toxic pollutants.
B. Absorb poisonous chemicals.
D. Soak up surrounding moisture.
23. A. NASA did experiments in sealed containers resembling the super insulated offices of 1970s.
C. NASA conducted tests in outer space whose environment is different from ours.
D. It drew its conclusion without any contrastive data from other experiments.
24. A. Natural ventilation proves much more efficient for cleaning the air than houseplants.
B. Houseplants disperse chemical compounds more quickly with people moving around.
C. Natural ventilation turns out to be most effective with doors and windows wide open.
D. Houseplants in a normal environment rarely have any adverse impact on the air.
25. A. The root cause for misinterpretations of scientific findings.
B. The difficulty in understanding what’s actually happening.
C. The steps to be taken in arriving at any conclusion with certainty.
D. The necessity of continually reexamining and challenging findings.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from
a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
A rainbow is a multi-colored, arc-shaped phenomenon that can appear in the sky. The colors of a rainbow are
produced by the reflection and 26 of light through water droplets (小滴) present in the atmosphere. An observer
may 27 a rainbow to be located either near or far away, but this phenomenon is not actually located at any specific
spot. Instead, the appearance of a rainbow depends entirely upon the position of the observer in 28 to the direction
of light. In essence, a rainbow is an 29 illusion.
Rainbows present a 30 made up of seven colors in a specific order. In fact, school children in many English-
speaking countries are taught to remember the name “Roy G. Biv” as an aid for remembering the colors of a rainbow
and their order. “Roy G. Biv” 31 for: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet. The outer edge of the
rainbow arc is red, while the inner edge is violet.
Thus, the main difference between wit and sarcasm is that, as already stated, sarcasm is often hostility disguised
as humor. It can be intended to hurt and is often bitter and biting. Witty statements are usually in response to someone’s
unhelpful remarks or behaviors, and the intent is to untangle and clarify the issue by emphasizing its absurdities.
Sarcastic statements are expressed in a cutting manner; witty remarks are delivered with undisguised and harmless
humor.
46. Why does the author say sarcasm and jazz have something surprisingly in common?
A. Both are recognized when heard.
B. Both have exactly the same tone.
C. Both mean the opposite of what they appear to.
D. Both have hidden in them an evident irritation.
47. How do many people feel when they hear sarcastic comments?
A. They feel hostile towards the sarcastic person.
B. They feel belittled and disrespected.
C. They feel a strong urge to retaliate.
D. They feel incapable of disguising their irritation.
48. What happens when a person consistently acts sarcastically?
A. They feel their dignity greatly heightened.
B. They feel increasingly insecure and hostile.
C. They endure hostility under the disguise of humor.
D. They taste bitterness even in pleasant interactions.
A. It makes others happier and more self-confident.
B. It restrains them from being irritating and bullying.
C. It benefits not only themselves but also those around them.
D. It shields them from negative comments and outright hostility.
50. What is the chief difference between a speaker’s wit and sarcasm?
A. Their clarity. B. Their appreciation. C. Their emphasis. D. Their intention.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Variability is crucially important for learning new skills. Consider learning how to serve in tennis. Should you
always practise serving from the exactly same location on the court, aiming at the same spot? Although practising in
more variable conditions will be slower at first, it will likely make you a better tennis player in the end. This is because
variability leads to better generalisation of what is learned.
This principle is found in many domains, including speech perception and learning categories. For instance,
infants will struggle to learn the category “dog” if they are only exposed to Chihuahuas, instead of many different
kinds of dogs.
“There are over ten different names for this basic principle,” says Limor Raviv, the senior investigator of a recent
study. “Learning from less variable input is often fast, but may fail to generalise to new stimuli.”
To identify key patterns and understand the underlying principles of variability effects, Raviv and her colleagues
reviewed over 150 studies on variability and generalisation across fields, including computer science, linguistics,
categorisation, visual perception and formal education.
The researchers discovered that, across studies, the term variability can refer to at least four different kinds of
variability, such as set size and scheduling. “These four kinds of variability have never been directly compared —
which means that we currently don’t know which is most effective for learning,” says Raviv.
The impact of variability depends on whether it is relevant to the task or not. But according to the “Mr. Miyagi
principle”, practising seemingly unrelated skills may actually benefit learning of other skills.
But why does variability impact learning and generalisation? One theory is that more variable input can highlight
which aspects of a task are relevant and which are not.
Another theory is that greater variability leads to broader generalisations. This is because variability will represent
the real world better, including atypical (非典型的) examples.
A third reason has to do with the way memory works: when training is variable, learners are forced to actively
reconstruct their memories.
“Understanding the impact of variability is important for literally every aspect of our daily life. Beyond affecting
the way we learn language, motor skills, and categories, it even has an impact on our social lives,” explains Raviv. “For
example, face recognition is affected by whether people grew up in a small community or in a larger community.
Exposure to fewer faces during childhood is associated with diminished face memory.”
“We hope this work will spark people’s curiosity and generate more work on the topic,” concludes Raviv. “Our
paper raises a lot of open questions. Can we find similar effects of variability beyond the brain, for instance, in the
immune system?”
A. They will encounter some degree of difficulty.
B. They will try to categorise other objects first.
C. They will prefer Chihuahuas to other dog species.
D. They will imagine Chihuahuas in various conditions.
A. Which of them is most relevant to the task at hand is to be confirmed.
B. Why they have an impact on learning is far from being understood.
C. Why they have never been directly compared remains a mystery.
D. Which of them is most conducive to learning is yet to be identified.
53. How does one of the theories explain the importance of variability for learning new skills?
A. Learners regard variable training as typical of what happens in the real world.
B. Learners receiving variable training are compelled to reorganise their memories.
C. Learners pay attention to the relevant aspects of a task and ignore those irrelevant.
D. Learners focus on related skills instead of wasting time and effort on unrelated ones.
A. People growing up in a small community may find it easy to remember familiar faces.
B. Face recognition has a significant impact on literally every aspect of our social lives.
C. People growing up in a large community can readily recognise any individual faces.
D. The size of the community people grow up in impacts their face recognition ability.
55. What does Raviv hope to do with their research work?
A. Highlight which aspects of a task are relevant and which are not to learning a skill.
B. Use the principle of variability in teaching seemingly unrelated skills in education.
C. Arouse people’s interest in variability and stimulate more research on the topic.
D. Apply the principle of variability to such fields of study as the immune system.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国的传统婚礼习俗历史悠久，从周朝开始就逐渐形成了一套完整的婚礼仪式，有些一直沿用至今。如今
的中式婚礼习俗已有很大变化，但婚礼庆典仍然十分隆重。婚礼场地经过精心装饰，以象征喜庆 (jubilance) 的
红色为主色调，摆放着许多祝愿新人幸福的物件。在婚礼上，新人要拜天地 (bow to Heaven and Earth)、拜父母
和相互对拜，然后设宴招待宾客，并向宾客敬酒致谢。今天，许多年轻人依然钟情于传统的中式婚礼，体验独
特而美好的中国式浪漫。