2025年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
升级付费版
自动缩放
2025 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As
requirements for job applications are getting increasingly higher, college students ought to be better prepared for
their future career.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. They have to make a choice by the end of the day.
B. Both candidates are very keen on getting the job.
C. They hold different views on the procedure.
D. Both candidates are quite competitive.
2. A. Both Rachel and Peter came across as respectful and professional.
B. Rachel scored moderately higher grades than Peter at school.
C. Both Rachel and Peter excelled in their academic pursuit.
D. Peter appeared slightly stronger than Rachel physically.
3. A. His use of body language.
B. His accumulation of experience.
C. His unusual state of mind.
4. A. Compare the candidates side by side again.
B. Ask the board to cast the deciding vote.
C. Find a way to break the tie next time.
D. Let John make the final decision.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. The private label “L’Orange”.
B. The woman’s latest collection.
C. This season’s new fashion.
D. The head designer’s role.
6. A. Something reflecting the social norms.
B. Something meeting public expectations.
C. Something slightly absurd.
D. Something a bit ambiguous.
7. A. Merge styles often at opposite ends of the fashion spectrum.
B. Learn from the designs of the Asian rural mountain villagers.
C. Make velvet capes look both majestic and masculine.
D. Draw intricate patterns onto a traditional power suit.
8. A. Obtaining the woman’s signature.
B. Seeing the woman’s new creations.
C. Incorporating indigenous aspects into his work.
D. Sharing more ideas with the woman next time.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They could readily recognize their owner simply by looking.
B. They could understand the implications of human commands.
C. They could be domesticated to act as our companions.
D. They could follow pointing gestures without training.
10. A. Cultivating them to be intelligent creatures.
B. Training them to behave like domesticated dogs.
C. Understanding how humans impact their behavior.
D. Taking measures to reduce their numbers.
11. A. Tame them through repeated training.
B. Treat them with sensitivity and respect.
C. Make them responsive to our commands.
D. Watch their behavior and try to improve it.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. The temperature inside it varies from place to place.
B. Proper placement facilitates access to food products.
C. Its different shelves are designed for different purposes.
D. The space in an average fridge changes from top to bottom.
13. A. To slow the rising of temperature in it.
B. To provide a big box of evenly cold air.
C. To prevent germs from growing quickly.
D. To keep the food cold as long as possible.
14. A. On the top shelf.
B. In the middle section.
C. On the inside of its doors.
D. At the back of its bottom shelf.
15. A. They will be extra-chilly.
B. They will be hard to defrost.
C. They will be contaminated.
D. They will be ruined.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Chronic depression.
B. Growing feebleness.
C. Hip fracture.
D. Fatal infections.
17. A. It feels real and relevant.
B. It contributes to psychology.
C. It outcompetes lots of academics’ research.
D. It wins recognition outside of Birmingham.
18. A. By bringing together experts old and young.
B. By counting on advanced modern technology.
C. By making full use of her expertise.
D. By combining multiple perspectives.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. They don’t teach basic organization.
B. They don’t focus on teaching techniques.
C. They attach little importance to recipes.
D. They hire very few distinguished chefs.
20. A. It’s unique to celebrity chefs.
B. It’s a way of transformation.
C. It’s too demanding for them.
D. It’s a way of life to them.
21. A. Respect others so as to be respected.
B. Use time and resources in a wise way.
C. Cultivate a habit of self-discipline.
D. Learn from philosophers earnestly.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. The motive for hard work.
B. The reason for stagnation.
C. The basis for self-improvement.
D. The justification for self-confidence.
00:00
26:07
听力原文听力原文
Player Settings
安装App
生词本
23. A. Feel confidence, happiness and satisfaction.
B. Believe they have achieved their life goals.
C. Use a key tool for setting ambitious goals.
D. Stop imagining further progress in life.
24. A. We feel we are always falling behind others.
B. We have to adapt to the ever-changing goal.
D. There are always problems with the goal originally set.
25. A. A noticeable change in the number of goals to achieve.
B. Measuring always against the gap rather than the gain.
C. Measuring where we’ve come from instead of measuring against the goal.
D. A proper conception of what we fail to notice in trying to achieve our goals.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The slow progress of women in elective office is frustrating for some political observers and experts —
including myself. Achieving gender equality in Congress is an important goal. This is because the number of women
involved in legislative decisions has significant 26 for all the policies that governments 27 . Female
women and girls, such as paid family leave, pay 28 and gender-based violence.
Having more women in Congress also fosters a greater sense of connection between female voters and
women to become more politically engaged.
While women are underrepresented in governments around the globe, it is a particularly 30 problem in the
United States. Currently, the US ranks 73rd in the world when it comes to female representation in government.
But the reason women are so 31 underrepresented in US government is not because they face resistance
from voters or struggle to raise money. On the contrary, decades of research shows that female candidates raise as
much money and win as often as male politicians with similar 32 .
Rather, the slow progress of women in politics is a tale of two political parties.
In the next Congress, there will be 107 female Democratic lawmakers and 42 female Republican lawmakers in
the Senate and House combined.
In order for women to gain half of the seats in Congress, more women need to run, 33 on Republican
tickets. This will require the Republican Party as a whole to 34 recruiting women — and not just for one
election cycle, but in a 35 way.
A. bolsters
B. consequences
C. credentials
D. dramatically
E. enact
F. equity
G. especially
H. evasively
I. formidable
J. impetus
K. lavish
L. prioritize
M. suffices
N. sustained
O. tenured
A. They can be immediately implemented with great ease.
B. They are usually led by organization leaders of vision.
C. They call for enthusiastic support from the workforce.
D. They often result from simulation learning experiences.
47. What should learning leaders do to arouse learners’ passion for change?
A. Allow them to see what could possibly be achieved.
B. Help them break free from their old paradigms.
C. Encourage them to rethink their thought models.
D. Stimulate them to embrace fresh opportunities.
A. They are generally incapable of changing workers’ behaviors on the job.
B. They are interventions different from simulations in creating stimuli for change.
C. They aim at transforming the behaviors of the workers in an organization.
D. They help managers achieve the full effect of employee development efforts.
49. What makes simulation one of the most fruitful forms of learning?
A. Its capability of saving time by accelerating the immersive learning experience.
B. Its potential for learners to examine their skills, knowledge and learning process.
C. Its capability of providing all participants with a practical learning experience.
D. Its potential for learners to explore, experiment and practice without any risk.
50. What should participants do in a simulation to reap the greatest benefits possible?
A. Take the experience as a mere game.
B. Apply promptly what they learn to their jobs.
C. Develop a deep level of understanding.
D. Strive to connect closely with their leaders.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
GDP growth is not a good indicator of how well a country is performing, and should not be the primary goal of
governments. Unlimited growth is not sustainable and economic thinking is moving toward the idea that we should
aim for sustainability in our economic models. But while a sustainable economy is vital to our future, it is a means to
an end, not an end in itself.
can be measured. Is happiness not a fleeting and subjective psychological state? Don’t different people experience
different levels of happiness? Even on the broadest interpretation of “happiness” as prosperity or “life satisfaction”,
people want different things.
Of course, governments cannot impose life satisfaction on citizens. But our happiness relies on collaborative
efforts as a society. A government’s obligation lies in creating conditions that promote prosperity. And there is good
reason to suppose that such conditions exist, are globally applicable, and are discoverable through research.
In a recently published article, philosopher Julian Baggini suggests we should focus on “real wealth” for
citizens, which does not depend on GDP growth. Access is key: people do not need to own, but rather access things
that enable them to live well. Technological advances and changes in social behavior enable us to make more
efficient use of the assets that we already have. And focusing on access to the resources people need to live better
lives could help reduce inequality.
As far as it goes, this has much in common with proposals tabled by “happiness” advocates. But it sets the bar
far too low for what governments can and should be doing for their citizens.
For example, it’s not clear how a “real wealth” economy would remedy the epidemic of mental ill-health that
plagues our society. In Western countries, at least — poor mental health is more detrimental to wellbeing than
poverty. Over and above a vastly improved provision of therapeutic mental healthcare, there are preventative
measures for improving mental health that governments could and should adopt. The WHO recommends establishing
institutions that facilitate community participation — educational programs and interventions that provide skills for
promoting mental wellbeing. It says a lot, however, that the WHO feels the need to appeal to the economic benefits
of improving mental health to persuade governments that the cost of taking proposed measures is justified. As long
as the economy is their priority, governments need go no further than ensuring citizens’ continued productivity.
To demand that governments set the “happiness” of citizens as their highest priority is to demand that they view
citizens as ends in themselves.
51. What does the passage say is the more recent thinking of economic growth?
A. It should be made sustainable.
B. It is vital to the future of humanity
C. It should be governments’ chief concern.
D. It is an indicator of government performance.
52. Why are some people opposed to the idea that governments should focus on happiness?
A. Governments cannot impose happiness on citizens.
B. People’s happiness is built upon their own endeavor.
C. Happiness means different things to different people.
D. Happiness depends on sustainable economic growth.
53. What does philosopher Julian Baggini suggest governments do in a recently published article?
A. Try to reduce inequality between the rich and the poor.
B. Provide people with access to resources for a better life.
C. Change people’s behaviors to put social wealth to better use.
D. Make use of advanced technologies to improve people’s lives.
54. Why does the WHO feel the need to appeal to the economic benefits of improving mental health to justify its
recommendations?
A. Mental health programs cannot be executed without GDP growth.
B. Psychological interventions are conducive to people’s wellbeing.
C. Poor mental health is detrimental to a nation’s economic system.
D. Governments still take economic development as their priority.
55. What message does the author try to convey at the end of the passage？
A. Governments’ goal should be prosperity-driven.
B. Governments’ goal should be people-oriented.
C. Governments should consider citizens’ views in decision-making.
D. Governments should set sustained productivity as their top priority.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
自古以来，中国的水资源北缺南丰，分布极不均衡。为了有效解决北方严重缺水问题，中国政府实施了南
水北调工程 (the South-to-North Water Diversion Project)。这是一项跨区域配置水资源的宏大水利工程。历经数
十年的规划与筹备，工程于 2002 年开工建设，分为东、中、西 3 条线路，总长 4350 公里，惠及人口将超过 4
亿。自 2014 年通水以来，工程向北方调水累计已超 500 亿立方米，为北方地区的人民提供了可靠的水资源，
同时也极大地改善了这一地区的生态环境，促进了经济的可持续健康发展。