2017年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
第 1 页 共 10 页
2017 年 6 月大学英语六级真题试卷一
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in science or humanities at
college
， write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Doing enjoyable work.
C) Earning a competitive salary.
B) Having friendly colleagues.
D) Working for supportive bosses.
2. A) 31%. B) 20%. C) 25%. D) 73%.
3. A) Those of a small size.
B) Those run by women.
C) Those that are well managed.
D) Those full of skilled workers.
4. A) They can hop from job to job easily.
B) They can win recognition of their work.
C) They can better balance work and life.
D) They can take on more than one job.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is a book of European history. B) It is an introduction to music.
6. A) When painting the concert hall of Bruges.
B) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city.
C) When taking pictures for a concert catalogue.
7. A) The entire European coastline will be submerged.
B) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely.
第 2 页 共 10 页
C) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted.
D)The major European scenic spots will disappear.
8. A) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted.
B) People cannot get around without using boats.
D) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question
， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They make careful preparations beforehand.
B) They take too many irrelevant factors into account.
C) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat.
D) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wrong foot.
10. A) A person’s nervous system is more complicated than imagined.
B)Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves.
C) Mental images often interfere with athletes’ performance.
D) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing.
11. A) Anticipate possible problems.
B) Make a list of do’s and don’ts.
C) Picture themselves succeeding.
D) Try to appear more professional.
12. A) She wore a designer dress. B) She won her first jury trial.
C) She did not speak loud enough. D) She presented moving pictures.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved.
B)Its health benefits have been overestimated.
C) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer.
D) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner.
14. A) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood.

第 3 页 共 10 页
B) It tracked their change in food preferences for 20 years.
C) It focused on their difference from men in fiber intake.
D) It tracked their eating habits since their adolescence.
15. A) Fiber may help to reduce hormones in the body.
B) Fiber may bring more benefits to women than men.
C) Fiber may improve the function of heart muscles.
D) Fiber may make blood circulation more smooth.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B)
，C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Observing the changes in marketing.
B) Conducting research on consumer behaviour.
C) Studying the hazards of young people drinking.
D) Investigating the impact of media on government.
17. A) It is the cause of many street riots. B) It is getting worse year by year.
C) It is a chief concern of parents. D) It is an act of socialising.
18. A) They spent a week studying their own purchasing behaviour.
B) They researched the impact of mobile phones on young people.
C) They analysed their family budgets over the years.
D) They conducted a thorough research on advertising.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is helping its banks to improve efficiency.
B) It is trying hard to do away with dirty money.
C) It is the first country to use credit cards in the world.
D) It is likely to give up paper money in the near future.
20. A) Whether it is possible to travel without carrying any physical currency.
B)Whether it is possible to predict how much money one is going to spend.
C) Whether the absence of physical currency causes a person to spend more.
D) Whether the absence of physical currency is going to affect everyday life.
第 5 页 共 10 页
Despite the success of the experiment, the actual results are worrisome, and mostly __32__ earlier
studies. The organizers of the experiment concluded that far fewer students were achieving at high levels
on critical thinking than they were doing for written communication or quantitative literacy. And that
conclusion is based only on students nearing graduation.
American universities, despite their global __33__ for excellence in teaching, have only begun to
demonstrate what they can produce in real-world learning. Knowledge-based degrees are still important,
but employers are __34__ advanced thinking skills from college graduates. If the intellectual worth of a
college degree can be __35__ measured, more people will seek higher education—and come out better
thinkers.
A) accurately B) confirm C) demanding D) doubtful E) drastically F) justify G) monopolized
H) outcome I) predominance J) presuming K) reputation L) significant M) signify
N) simultaneously O) standardized
Directions:In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is
marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Price of Oil and the Price of Carbon
A) Fossil fuel prices are likely to stay "low for long". Notwithstanding important recent progress in developing rene
wable fuel sources, low fossil fuel prices could discourage further innovation in, and adoption of, cleaner energy tech
nologies. The result would be higher emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
B) Policymakers should not allow low energy prices to derail the clean energy transition. Action to restore appropri
ate price incentives, notably through corrective carbon pricing, is urgently needed to lower the risk of irreversible an
d potentially devastating effects of climate change. That approach also offers fiscal benefits.
C) Oil prices have dropped by over 60% since June 2014. A commonly held view in the oil industry is that "the bes
t cure for low oil prices is low oil prices". The reasoning behind this saying is that low oil prices discourage investme
nt in new production capacity, eventually shifting the oil supply curve backward and bringing prices back up as exist
ing oil fields—which can be tapped at relatively low marginal cost—are depleted. In fact, in line with past experienc
e, capital expenditure in the oil sector has dropped sharply in many producing countries, including the United State
s. The dynamic adjustment to low oil prices may, however, be different this time around.
n barrels per day to the crude oil market, contributing to a global over-supply. In addition, other factors are putting do
wnward pressure on oil prices: change in the strategic behavior of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countrie
s, the projected increase in Iranian exports, the scaling-down of global demand (especially from emerging market
s), the long-term drop in petroleum consumption in the United States, and some displacement of oil by substitutes. T
hese likely persistent forces, like the growth of shale (页岩) oil, point to a "low for long" scenario. Futures market
s, which show only a modest recovery of prices to around $60 a barrel by 2019, support this view.
第 7 页 共 10 页
by add to the stock of atmospheric greenhouse gases without regard to the collateral (附带的) costs.
O) The hope is that the success of COP 21 opens the door to future international agreement on carbon prices. Agree
ment on an international carbon-price floor would be a good starting point in that process. Failure to address compre
hensively the problem of greenhouse gas emissions, however, exposes all generations, present and future, to incalcul
able risks.
36. A number of factors are driving down the global oil prices not just for now but in the foreseeable future.
37. Pricing carbon proves the most economical way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
38. It is estimated that extreme weather conditions have endangered the lives of millions of African children.
39. The prices of coal are low as a result of over-supply and decreasing demand.
40. Higher fossil fuel prices prove to be conducive to innovation and application of cleaner technology.
41. If fossil fuel prices remain low for a long time, it may lead to higher emissions of greenhouse gases.
42. Fossil fuels remain the major source of primary energy consumption in today's world.
43. Even major fossil exporting countries have great potential to develop renewable energies.
44. Greenhouse gas emissions, if not properly dealt with, will pose endless risks for mankind.
45. It is urgent for governments to increase the cost of using fossil fuels to an appropriate level to lessen the catastrop
hic effects of climate change.
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should
decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Open data sharers are still in the minority in many fields. Although many researchers broadly agree that public a
ccess to raw data would accelerate science, most are reluctant to post theresults of their own labors online.
Some communities have agreed to share online—geneticists, for example, post DNA sequences at the GenBan
k repository (库) , and astronomers are accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and stars from, say, the Sloan Di
gital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects—but these remain the exception, not the rul
e. Historically, scientists have objected to sharing for many reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good database
s did no t exist; grant funders were not pushing for sharing; it has been difficult to agree on standards for formattin
g data; and there is no agreed way to assign credit for data.
But the barriers are disappearing, in part because journals and funding agencies worldwide are encouraging scie
ntists to make their data public. Last year, the Royal Society in London said in its report that scientists need to "shif
t away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private preserve". Funding agencies note that data paid fo
r with public money should be public information, and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now b
e shared digitally in ways that were not possible before. To match the growing demand, services are springing up to
make it easier to publish research products online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them.
Although calls to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of sharing, the practice is not purely altr
uistic (利他的). Researchers who share get plenty of personal benefits, including more connections with colleagues, i
mproved visibility and increased citations. The most successful sharers—those whose data are downloaded and cite
d the most often---get noticed, and their work gets used. For example, one of the most popular data sets on multidisc
第 9 页 共 10 页
e roles would be reassigned to other jobs. It also plans to offer "voluntary separation" packages to 165 senior executi
ves. It will slash staffing at its fleet of 770 stores, a move affecting some 3,000 employees.
The retailer also announced the locations of 36 stores it will close in early 2016. The company had previously a
nnounced the planned closures, but had not said which locations would be affected. None of the chain's stores in th
e Washington metropolitan area are to be closed.
Macy's has been moving aggressively to try to remake itself for a new era of shopping. It has plans to open mor
e locations of Macy's Backstage, a newly-developed off-price concept which might help it better compete with ambit
ious T. J. Maxx. It's also pushing ahead in 2016 with an expansion of Bluemercury, the beauty chain it bought last ye
ar. At a time when young beauty shoppers are often turning to Sephora or Ulta instead of department store beauty co
unters, Macy's hopes Bluemercury will help strengthen its position in the category.
One relative bright spot for Macy's during the holiday season was the online channel, where it rang up "double-
digit" increases in sales and a 25% increase in the number of orders it filled. That relative strength would be consisten
t with what was seen in the wilder retail industry during the early part of the holiday season. While Thanksgiving, Bl
ack Friday and Cyber Monday all saw record spending online, in-store sales plunged over the holiday weekend.
A) It is attributable to the rising value of the U.S. dollar.
B) It is a direct result of the global economic recession.
C) It reflects a shift of their interest in consumer goods.
D) It poses a potential threat to the retail business in the U.S.
A) They can be solved with better management.
B) They cannot be attributed to weather only.
C) They are not as serious in its online stores.
D) They call for increased investments.
53. In order to cut costs, Macy's decided to ________.
A) cut the salary of senior executives
B) relocate some of its chain stores
C) adjust its promotion strategies
D) reduce the size of its staff
54. Why does Macy's plan to expand Bluemercury in 2016?
A) To experiment on its new business concept.
B) To focus more on beauty products than clothing.
C) To promote sales of its products by lowering prices.
D) To be more competitive in sales of beauty products.
A) Sales dropped sharply in its physical stores.
B) Its retail sales exceeded those of T. J. Maxx.
C) It helped Bluemercury establish its position worldwide.
D) It filled its stores with abundant supply of merchandise.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
第 10 页 共 10 页
明朝统治中国 276 年，被人们描绘成人类历史上治理有序、社会稳定的最伟大的时代之一。这一时期，
手工业的发展促进了市场经济和城市化。大量商品，包括酒和丝绸，都在市场销售。同时，还进口许多外国
商品，如时钟和烟草。北京、南京、扬州、苏州这样的大商业中心相继形成。也是在明代，由郑和率领的船
队曾到印度洋进行了七次大规模探险航行。还值得一提的是，中国文学的四大经典名著中有三部写于明代。