2020年7月英语六级真题(组合卷)
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices markedA
) , B) , C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She is a great athlete. C) She is a famous scientist.
B) She is a famed speaker. D) She is a noted inventor.
2. A) How knowledge of human biochemistry has been evolving.
B) How nutrition helps athletes􀆳 performance in competitions.
C) How scientific training enables athletes to set new records.
D) How technology has helped athletes to scale new heights.
3. A) Our physical structures. C) Our biochemical process.
B) Our scientific knowledge. D) Our concept of nutrition.
4. A) It may increase the expenses of sports competitions.
B) It may lead to athletes􀆳 over reliance on equipment.
C) It may give an unfair advantage to some athletes.
D) It may change the nature of sports competitions.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Experience. C) Family background.
B) Flexibility. D) Business connections.
6. A) Buying directly from factories.
B) Shipping goods in bulk by sea.
C) Having partners in many parts of the world.
D) Using the same container back and forth.
7. A) Warehouses. C) Investors.
B) Factories. D) Retailers.
2020年7月大学英语六级考试试题全1套
8. A) Trendy style. C) Lower import duties.
B) Unique design. D) Lower shipping costs.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) ,
C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps employees to reduce their stress.
B) It prevents employees from feeling bored.
C) It strengthens harmony among employees.
D) It helps employees to view things positively.
10. A) Weekends are conducive to reducing stress.
B) Humor is vital to interpersonal relationships.
C) All workers experience some emotional stress.
D) Humor can help workers excel at routine tasks.
11. A) Smash the toys to release their bottled-up resentments.
B) Take the boss doll apart as long as they reassemble it.
C) Design and install stress-reducing gadgets.
D) Strike at the boss doll as hard as they like.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The recent finding of a changed gene in obese mice.
B) A breakthrough in understanding gene modification.
C) A newly discovered way for people to lose weight.
D) The self-repairing ability of a gene in obese mice.
13. A) It renders an organism unable to fight diseases.
B) It prevents the mice􀆳s fatty tissues from growing.
C) It helps organisms adapt to environmental changes.
D) It renders mice unable to sense when to stop eating.

听力原文听力原文
14. A) Human beings have more obesity genes than most mice do.
B) Half of a person􀆳s total weight variation can be controlled.
C) People are born with a tendency to have a certain weight.
D) The function of the obesity genes is yet to be explored.
15. A) The worsening of natural environment.
B) The abundant provision of rich foods.
C) The accelerated pace of present-day life.
D) The adverse impact of the food industry.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D) . Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Similarity in interests. C) Openness.
B) Mental stimulation. D) Compassion.
17. A) The willingness to offer timely help. C) Personal bonds.
B) The joy found in each other􀆳s company. D) Emotional factors.
18. A) Failure to keep a promise. C) Feelings of betrayal.
B) Lack of frankness. D) Loss of contact.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Along the low-lying Colorado River.
B) At the Dinosaur National Monument.
C) Along the border of the U.S. and Canada.
D) At museums of natural history in large cities.
20. A) Volcanic explosions could bring whole animal species to extinction.
B) Some natural disaster killed a whole herd of dinosaurs in the area.
C) The pit should be carefully preserved for the study of dinosaurs.
D) The whole region must have been struck by a devastating flood.
52. What does Glenn Kirk think of charging hunters license fees?
A) It keeps game population under control.
B) It turns hunting into a sport of the rich.
C) It leads to ecological imbalance.
D) It helps stop killing for pleasure.
53. What is the argument of the Humane Society of the United States against hunting?
A) Overpopulation is not an issue for most hunted animals.
B) Hunting deprives animal populations of their food sources.
C) Many birds and small animals are being irrationally killed.
D) Hunting is universally acknowledged as a savage behavior.
54. When is hunting morally justifiable according to Gary E. Varner?
A) When it benefits animals and their ecosystem.
B) When it serves both human and animal interests.
C) When it is indispensable to humans􀆳 subsistence.
D) When it stabilizes the population of animal species.
55. What concept are green leaders trying to promote?
A) Effective protection of animal habitats.
B) Strict control over urban development.
C) Coordinated efforts of hunters and environmentalists.
D) A compromise between development and animal protection.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《 三国演义》 ( The Romance of the Three Kingdoms) 是中国一部著名的历史小说,写于十四
世纪。 这部文学作品以三国时期的历史为背景,描写了从公元二世纪下半叶到公元三世纪下半
叶的魏、蜀、吴三国之间的战争。 小说中刻画了近千个人物和无数的历史事件。 这些人物和事
件虽然大都基于真实的历史,但都不同程度地被浪漫化和戏剧化了。 《 三国演义》 是一部公认
的文学杰作。 自面世以来,这部小说不断吸引着一代又一代的读者,并且对中国文化产生了广
泛而持久的影响。
未得到监考教师指令前,不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分,之后将进行听力考试)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ The best
preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. ” You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡 1 指定区域内作答作文题,在试题册上的作答无效!
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I