2024年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
2024 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Nowadays,
more and more students have realized the importance of self-discipline in their personal growth.” You can make
comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Changing his major.
B. His family situation.
C. Revising his graduation thesis.
D. His passion for Art History.
2. A. He doesn’t think it legitimate to depend on his father.
B. He thinks his financial situation has now changed.
C. He doesn’t think it will provide him with a living.
D. He thinks it nourishes the financially secure only.
3. A. Try his best to socialize and build a network in the art industry.
B. Seek financially viable employment opportunities after graduation.
C. Investigate all possible ways to become a celebrity in the art world.
D. Strike a balance between intellectual pursuits and financial security.
4. A. Money. B. Time. C. Determination. D. Optimism.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. Their decision on investigating beef consumption.
C. Their different approaches to a case study.
D. Their end-of-semester business projects.
6. A. Expanding farmland out west.
B. Importing most of the beef.
C. Raising cattle domestically.
D. Continuing to boost economic growth.
7. A. Technical equipment.
B. Business consultancy.
C. Beef.
D. Carwashing.
8. A. Car owners of all walks of life.
B. High-end customers in big cities.
C. Consumers craving for professional service.
D. Well-off dealers seeking a profitable markup.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. Parents’ talking with them during TV time raises their curiosity levels.
B. Their daily television exposure cuts parent-child conversation time.
C. The more TV they watch the poorer their progress in development.
D. Their socioeconomic levels impact their academic achievement.
10. A. Kids’ enhanced learning.
B. Kids’ curiosity levels.
C. Kids’ reading and math.
D. Kids’ behavioral development.
11. A. It can hinder kids from getting on with their peers.
B. It can cut into kids’ time on exploratory activities.
C. It can arouse kids’ interest in how people interact in real life.
D. It can widen the gap between kids from different economic statuses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Exerting ourselves too hard in order to attain our life’s goals.
B. Being possessed with a single thought of professional success.
C. Trying every means to beat others in terms of personal aspirations.
D. Being mindlessly driven to possess more and more material things.
13. A. We might isolate ourselves from our fellow beings.
B. We might acquire an incorrect sense of well-being.
C. We might end up pursuing all the wrong things.
D. We might make a mess of our personal lives.
14. A. They should be based on solid theoretical concepts.
B. They should take personal interests into account.
C. They should include goals to help other people.
D. They should increase our sense of worthiness.
15. A. Drifting through life aimlessly.
B. Giving up the chance to fulfill yourself.
C. Abandoning all that life has to offer.
D. Spoiling your character and integrity.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Grade-raising ways and means.
B. Pressure-alleviating exercise.
C. Revision-conducting approaches.
D. Brain-boosting food and drink.
17. A. Buying it from coffee shops.
B. Building up a tolerance of it.
C. Drinking it after 2 pm.
D. Consuming it with sugar.
18. A. By taking varied vitamin supplements.
B. By consuming a rich variety of foods.
C. By eating both oranges and frozen berries.
D. By getting components packaged in tablets.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. Many people across advanced economies think the world is going from bad to worse.
B. The news focuses on reporting catastrophes that occur across the world.
C. A significant part of the world is experiencing another great recession.

听力原文听力原文
D. Many people have no idea of those living under miserable conditions.
20. A. It has experienced ups and downs like any other historical trend.
B. It is hailed as a miracle by both economists and ordinary people.
C. It is the only way for all countries to share economic prosperity.
D. It has given more and more countries a rare chance to thrive.
21. A. Their fortunes may take a downturn.
B. They can be classified as middle class.
C. Their living standards have been deteriorating.
D. They are experiencing a radical transformation.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Why smells can activate emotional memories.
B. How powerful the sense of smell can become.
C. How scent particles revive memories forgotten.
D. Why the scent of bread has a strong mental impact.
23. A. The brain cells’ processing of memories experienced as strongly emotional.
B. The activation of the brain’s emotion processing area by chemical particles.
C. The interaction between chemical particles and the brain cells responsible for smell.
D. The sensations of scents going directly to the brain’s emotional and memory centers.
24. A. Imagination. B. Association. C. Experience. D. Context.
25. A. Inaccuracy and alterability.
B. Susceptibility to polar interpretations.
C. Being personal and individualistic.
D. Being dependent on relevant scenarios.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
frustrating instead of fruitful? Negative energy can then cast a 26 over your efforts to build a shared
understanding.
In fact collaborative problem-solving conversations require skills. Strong listening skills are essential.
Sprinkling in positivity via appreciation, 27 smiles, and warm comments helps. So does the essential ability
to keep your emotional tone in the calm zone. If the tone of a dialogue heats up and anger erupts, the
dialogue 28 from collaborative to adversarial, and progress is likely to come to an immediate 29 .
In addition, effective dialogue generally has another important characteristic: symmetry.
Symmetry in dialogue refers to the balance of how much each partner talks. Are you each getting equal
airtime? When one participant does most of the talking, this asymmetry or lack of balance tends to become
annoying to one or both of you. The silent partner 30 tires of only listening, while the talker can feel 31 .
Usually, both would prefer more equal give and take.
Different rates of speech and levels of voice volume can 32 symmetry as well. The faster or louder
partner can easily begin taking up more airtime. The slower-talking or softer-voiced one can have trouble getting
the floor.
Conversations also lose balance when one partner’s opinions count more than the other’s. One person’s input
may carry more sway because their style of expression is more 33 . One viewpoint may tend to get lost
growing into megacities, but the future of the countryside is less clear.
46. What has become of the rural areas nowadays?
A. They are becoming somewhat deserted.
B. They are being increasingly urbanised.
C. They are closely-knit communities.
D. They are haunted by conservatism.
47. What does the author think of the rural lifestyle?
A. It is unlikely to survive given the on-going changes.
B. It is less energy-efficient compared to that in cities.
C. It is highly dependent upon heavy automobiles.
D. It is a choice more affluent people will endorse.
A. It is bound to mar the traditional rural life.
B. It adversely impacts rural social stability.
C. It hinders rural economies’ revitalisation.
D. It is detrimental to rural preservation.
A. It is destined to change gradually.
B. It will present an idealised way of life.
C. It is likely to embrace foreign cultures.
D. It will become increasingly diversified.
50. What does the author think of the future of the countryside compared with cities?
A. It is going to be harder for the locals.
B. It is going to resemble that of cities.
C. It is less likely to stay static.
D. It is less easy to envisage.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Statements, like “beauty is in the eye of the beholder (观看者)”, are rarely questioned. They’ve become so
embedded in our consciousness that people think it’s absurd to think otherwise. It might be useful, however, to at
least push back on this assumption because people evaluate environment, situations, and people aesthetically. We
may find that we still believe it is correct, but we may also find that there is a lot more to the situation than you
suppose.
A recent study exploring aesthetic taste was published in Cognition. The results from this study show that
human-made objects.
The study found that shared taste was most common for faces and natural landscapes, but least common
among works of architecture and art. The hypothesis is the commonly pleasing features, like proportion or
symmetry, are at work.
Preferences for natural scenes might be learned through life experiences. Factors like habitability, safety, and
openness might be preferred as people develop. Some of the details of landscapes change, but the basics are more
common, e.g., water, open spaces, and signs of care.
Art and architecture, unlike natural spaces, do not have the same level of exposure. So, people do not have
the same level of shared taste.
It’s possible that the lower amount of agreement in the shared taste of artifacts has to do more with elements
of style, rather than “behavioral consequences”.
All of the consequences seem reasonable (or at least possible), but I think there might be an interesting
philosophical conclusion that they did not draw. It seems that there is an objective ground to our aesthetic
preferences or evaluations. I am not saying this would mean beauty is completely objective, just that there could
possibly be general objective principles at work, i.e., beauty is not simply in the eye of the beholder.
Nature exhibits some of the universal aesthetic features, such as radiance, in a common way throughout the
world. It’s not exactly the same everywhere, but it is common. For example, a sunset is similar enough in different
places to warrant almost universal appeal.
Possible universal principles of beauty — such as proportion, fittingness, radiance, and others — are general
categories, which allow for a wide array of embodiments. When people get involved in making artifacts in
architecture or art, they apply these very general concepts in unique ways. But the way they applied the principle
may not have universal appeal.
This is why it’s important to experience diverse cultures and their artifacts because it opens us up to different
ways of approaching or constructing beauty. And it is always good to question our assumptions.
A. It has hardly ever been disputed.
B. It can be interpreted aesthetically.
C. Many people have found it absurd.
D. People have long been misled by it.
52. What does a recent study exploring aesthetic taste show?
A. Aesthetic tastes tend to differ from person to person.
B. Natural beauty is rarely surpassed by artificial beauty.
C. There is less consensus on objects shaped by human craft.
D. There is general agreement on what is pleasing to the eye.
53. Why do people differ in their aesthetic appraisal of artifacts?
A. They come out in a great variety of designs.
B. They lead to varying behavioral consequences.
C. They take up much less natural space than landscapes.
D. They come into people’s view less often than natural spaces.
A. It creates a powerful appeal through its brilliant radiance.
B. It displays aesthetic traits in a similar way the world over.
C. It embodies beauty with a wide array of aesthetic features.
D. It establishes the principles of beauty in a number of ways.
55. Why do artifacts not always hold universal appeal?
A. The appreciation of their beauty is not subject to objective standards.
B. The universal principle of beauty prevents a wide array of embodiments.
C. The way their creators apply the principle of beauty may not be pleasing to everybody.
D. Their creators interpret the universal principle of beauty each in their preferred way.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
洋山港 (Yangshan Port) 是上海航运中心的重要组成部分，是中国第一个深水港，也是世界上规模最大
的深水港之一。经过近 20 年的发展，洋山港已实现高度自动化。数字技术和人工智能的使用大大减少了用
工成本和碳排放。自主研发的码头管理系统可以在百公里之外对大型设备进行远程操控。洋山港看上去一
片繁忙，现场却见不到人工操作，而且能够 24 小时不间断运作。洋山港将不断发展，为把上海建成一个全
球航运中心做出更大贡献。