2024年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
2024 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “To increase the
likelihood of success, one should set realistic goals and work persistently towards them.” You can make comments,
cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Preparing for a job interview.
B. Writing a work report together.
C. Going through a couple of issues the company faces.
D. Discussing the woman’s annual performance review.
2. A. The overall culture of the company.
B. The instruction from her supervisor.
C. The honesty of the manager.
D. The recognition of her merits.
3. A. Her inadequate language proficiency.
B. Her inability to interact with colleagues properly.
C. Her inappropriate behavior at company meetings.
D. Her simplistic approach to dealing with others.
4. A. To avoid offending the recipients.
B. To show her unique writing style.
C. To save time.
D. To be frank.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. Provide medical service to the community.
C. Obtain a doctoral degree in internal medicine.
D. Have a profound impact on people around her.
6. A. They have constantly urged her to study hard.
B. They have worked hard to finance her education.
C. They have tried to create a positive learning environment.
D. They have pursued the family’s dreams together with her.
7. A. It is a key medical branch conducive to realizing her dreams.
B. It connects many other specialties with its broad coverage.
C. It has a long history in the man’s prestigious institution.
D. It is a medical branch both of her parents specialize in.
8. A. Problematic. B. Competitive. C. Inconsistent. D. Trustworthy.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. To prevent hackers from cracking our secret codes.
B. To show that all the guidelines are being followed.
C. To provide evidence that passwords are forgotten.
D. To convince our computer that we are human.
10. A. Put an end to the hacking phenomenon.
B. Help people remember their passwords.
C. Reduce the intricacy of the password itself.
D. Explain the need for different email accounts.
11. A. Innovate technologies to ensure the safety of users’ accounts.
B. Provide incentives for the application of creative passwords.
C. Explore the possibility of using simpler secret codes.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Her work no longer interested her.
B. Her training app did not fit her.
C. Her fitness fell into a slump.
D. Her business deteriorated.
13. A. Help users keep track of their fitness levels.
B. Design personalised training programmes.
C. Strengthen ties among users worldwide.
D. Select well-qualified human coaches.
14. A. They are never repeated.
B. They help enrich her life.
C. They are of no extreme intensity.
D. They keep her focused on her goal.
15. A. They will not be able to take the place of human personal trainers.
B. They will not be able to comprehend some of the profiles users put in.
C. They cannot lead to optimal results with their mathematical approach.
D. They cannot match humans in arranging meticulous workout schedules.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. All societies are built upon the cornerstones of basic values.
B. Everyone everywhere demonstrates seven character traits.
C. All societies are kept together by seven basic moral rules.
D. Everyone everywhere shares a universal moral standard.
17. A. Ascertain whether deferring to authority was confined to right-wing people.
B. Find out whether different societies had different versions of morality.
C. Make clear whether all societies faced the same moral issues.
D. Find out whether left-wing people still had a group loyalty.
18. A. Make independent descriptions of cultures around the world.
B. Strive to understand the basic differences between peoples.
C. Appreciate the foundational value of the existing data.
D. Carry out systematic field studies to gather new data.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. They might be the most important part of our eating experience.
B. They can activate our brain functions in a most direct fashion.
C. They can be viewed as the windows to our soul.
D. They could mislead us in more ways than one.

听力原文听力原文
20. A. It attracts food companies’ growing attention.
B. It adversely impacts one’s eating experience.
C. It invariably determines how food sells.
D. It changes the way people taste food.
21. A. Enhance the taste.
B. Make predictions.
C. Identify distinct flavors.
D. Enrich the eating experience.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Social status.
B. Financial resources.
C. Meaning.
D. Happiness.
23. A. Their effect on people’s happiness has long been overstated.
B. Their influence on people’s life varies with social contexts.
C. They can affect people’s experience of meaning.
D. They can ensure people’s overall well-being.
24. A. It used questions totally different from those in their first study.
B. It focused on the sense of meaning of French participants.
C. It analysed cases from a daily poll of US residents.
D. It examined data collected from multiple countries.
25. A. They might have more access to external sources of happiness.
B. They might focus on an individual sense of satisfaction or meaning.
C. They might be less easily affected by a community’s overall feeling.
D. They might be less adversely impacted by failure to achieve a purpose.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
With the rapid progress in the economy, it is natural that people’s ideology is bound for change. Being 26 is
no longer a virtue to some people, and they are not alone in holding this view. Each might have different viewpoints
on how to lead one’s lifestyle: some prefer simplicity, some love luxuries, some spend 27 , some accumulate as
much as they can like a country mouse. As I was born poor and in the countryside, the simple rural life seldom loses
its 28 to me, but as my station changes, I have an opportunity to 29 with the newly rich, an experience
which has revolutionized my view of lifestyle.
It is evil or sinful to spend little and to save much, an idea only recently being revealed to me. Actually the whole
world is in a 30 to borrow and to spend, with the USA leading the trend. The USA is still the richest and most
powerful country in the world, but the 31 is that they borrow money from us. Though a 32 of economics, at
least I know that investing with borrowed money will turn the borrower into the 33 rather than the decent and
kind lender. An apparent case is real estate. Those who are 34 and have got loans from the bank become
theory. Many of those poor parents who have the vision to send their children to college have benefited from this
investment, even though they have to 35 a living. It is reasonable to conclude that spending is praiseworthy,
supposing it is not beyond your means.
Horror is pleasurable to many people because it lets us play with negative emotions and develop coping strategies.
We learn what it feels like to be truly afraid, and we learn how to handle negative emotion.
How, then, does horror work? My research suggests that horror works by exploiting an ancient set of biological
defence mechanisms — an evolved fear system, which we share with other animals. But humans are uniquely
imaginative, and we use our evolved imagination to travel into virtual worlds that are full of danger.
There are good reasons for watching a horror film, even if you’re not a loyal horror fan. If you make it through
the film in one piece, you’ll probably experience a strong sense of mastery, a sense that you were able to make it
through an appalling experience. Anyway, watching a horror film makes you better at handling your own fear, and
who knows when that will become critically relevant?
46. The alien finds the audience in the movie theatre clearly in a state of _____
A. total mindfulness.
B. extreme excitement.
C. spiritual elevation.
D. intense curiosity.
47. Why do many people seek out scary entertainment, according to the author’s research?
A. They gain experience in overcoming horror in real life.
B. They find joy in going through simulated horrible experiences.
C. They have learned from hide-and-seek as kids the thrill involved.
D. They have evolved to gain pleasure in escaping life-threatening situations.
48. What do children learn from hide-and-seek?
A. How to avoid falling prey to an attacker.
B. How to simulate a predator-prey interaction.
C. How to keep themselves from catastrophic errors.
D. How to turn a dangerous scenario into a safe one.
49. Why is horror gratifying to many people?
A. It reminds them of an ancient set of biological defence mechanisms.
B. It triggers their imagination to travel into dangerous virtual worlds.
C. It allows them to learn what fear feels like and how to tackle it.
D. It activates their evolved fear system and their unique fantasy.
50. What will one experience if they watch a horror film through without being hurt?
A. A strong sense of clear relevance.
B. A profound sense of good fortune.
C. A profound sense of intense relief.
D. A strong sense of being in control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
An awakening has been taking place in the physical world against the beauty model that has been dictated to us
for years. But in the digital arena, social media determines what is considered beautiful.
The two opposing struggles are taking place in parallel. In the physical world, the struggle goes against the
underlying pressure exerted on women to conform to an unrealistic beauty ideal. As part of the struggle, various
media outlets have presented women whose bodies don’t correspond to the so-called ideal. All those women who had
previously been excluded from the covers of magazines, television series and the public agenda, have become
“legitimate”. At the same time, a group of influencers have begun to upload to social media photos of themselves
without makeup, and even photos in which they highlight supposed flaws.
Technology has reshaped our beauty ideal and is doing a great job communicating that message to the masses.
One of the bizarre legacies of the past decade is the popularity of the “cyborg look”, which illustrates what Americans
will look like in 2050.
The cyborg look spread rapidly. Today, however, the Instagram face has become the new beauty ideal.
The internalization of accepted beauty norms is much more effective when there is active involvement in the
learning process. The active involvement of users is reflected in the gamified (游戏化的) interaction offered by the
social media platforms — the ability to like, write a comment, compare, share.
Once the desired beauty ideal has been internalized, users are given tools or features to change their appearance
to suit the accepted beauty ideal such as editing the image, choosing the ideal filter, the right background.
A survey conducted in the United States revealed that more than 50% filter the images before posting them. And
you will not be surprised to hear that the majority of them are women. One of the significant consequences of
obsessive filtering is the emerging tendency to treat oneself as an object to be observed and valued, in the same way
another person observes and judges from the side.
The effect of the filters is already far beyond amiable amusement. The filters and the entire game played on the
networks affect the mental health of the users. According to a study, apps like Instagram, Snapchat and Face Tune
allow users to achieve a level of perfection that was previously only observed in beauty magazines.
Even though humanity has always cherished beauty, in the last decade our obsession with looks has reached an
unprecedented peak. The time spent on social media creates an urge to achieve an impossible beauty ideal so powerful
that the only thing that can fix it is not cosmetic intervention, but mental health care.
A It dictates the taste of digital media.
B. It has been in the making for years.
C. It has ushered in a new awakening.
D. It is defined by social media.
A. Women are under constant pressure to keep up with beauty models.
B. Women are encouraged to pursue a beauty ideal that has never existed.
C. A fight is going on to remove pressure on women to conform to an absurd beauty ideal.
D. Media outlets have begun to present as beauty models trendy women without any makeup.
A It is now regarded as the new beauty ideal.
B. It is what most women will go after in 2050.
D. It is a perfect illustration of the ultimate beauty.
54. What has obsessive filtering resulted in?
A. A good many women striving to reach an impossible level of perfection.
B. An urge to turn the entire game played on the network to one’s advantage.
C. A tendency to regard one’s body as an object of observation and judgment.
D. An increasing number of women filtering their images before uploading them.
55. What does the author want to emphasize at the end of the passage regarding Americans’ obsession with looks?
A. Cosmetic surgery should be made more accessible to the masses.
B. Psychological intervention should be introduced to alleviate it.
C. Their time spent on social media should be strictly controlled.
D. Its root cause should be meticulously examined and analyzed.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
北斗（Beidou）卫星导航系统的成功研制是中国自改革开放以来取得的一项重大科技成就。研发人员经过
不懈努力，攻克了一系列技术难题，北斗系统最终实现了全球覆盖和高精度定位，使中国成为世界上少数几个
独立拥有全球卫星导航系统的国家之一。北斗系统已广泛应用于交通运输、灾害救援、天气预报、公共安全等
诸多领域。北斗系统现在已经在国际上得到广泛认可，开始为越来越多的国家和地区提供优质服务。