2024年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
2024 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Nowadays more
and more college students have come to realize social practice and academic learning are equally important.” You
can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words. (You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.)
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Reply to the man’s last proposal within a short time.
B. Sign the agreement if one small change is made to it.
C. Make a sponsorship deal for her client at the meeting.
D. Give the man some good news regarding the contract.
2. A. They are becoming impatient.
B. They are afraid time is running out.
C. They are used to making alterations.
3. A. To prevent geographical discrimination.
B. To tap the food and beverage market.
C. To avoid any conflict of interest.
D. To reduce unfair competition.
4. A. It is a potential market for food and beverage.
B. It is very attractive for real estate developers.
C. It is a negligible market for his company.
D. It is very different from other markets.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. They are thrilled by a rare astronomic phenomenon.
B. They are celebrating a big event on mountain tops.
D. They are joined by astronomers all across North America.
6. A. It will be the most formidable of its kind in over a century.
B. It will come closest to Earth in more than one hundred years.
C. It will eclipse many other such events in human history.
D. It will be seen most clearly from Denver’s mountain tops.
7. A. A blur.
B. Stars.
C. The edge of our galaxy.
D. An ordinary flying object.
8. A. Use professional equipment.
B. Climb to the nearby heights.
C. Fix their eyes due north.
D. Make use of phone apps.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. Whether consumers should be warned against ultra-processed foods.
B. Whether there is sufficient scientific consensus on dietary guidelines.
C. Whether guidelines can form the basis for nutrition advice to consumers.
D. Whether food scientists will agree on the concept of ultra-processed foods.
10. A. By the labor cost for the final products.
B. By the degree of industrial processing.
C. By the extent of chemical alteration.
D. By the convention of classification.
11. A. Increased consumers’ expenses.
B. Greater risk of chronic diseases.
C. People’s misunderstanding of nutrition.
D. Children’s dislike for unprocessed foods.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. They begin to think of the benefits of constraints.
B. They try to seek solutions from creative people.
C. They try hard to maximize their mental energy.
D. They begin to see the world in a different way.
13. A. It is characteristic of all creative people.
B. It is essential to pushing society forward.
C. It is a creative person’s response to limitation.
D. It is an impetus to socio-economic development.
14. A. Scarcity or abundance of resources has little impact on people’s creativity.
B. Innovative people are not constrained in connecting unrelated concepts.
C. People have no incentive to use available resources in new ways.
D. Creative people tend to consume more available resources.
15. A. It is key to a company’s survival.
B. It shapes and focuses problems.
C. It is essential to meeting challenges.
D. It thrives best when constrained.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Because they are learned.
B. Because they come naturally.
C. Because they have to be properly personalized.
D. Because there can be more effective strategies.
17. A. The extent of difference and of similarity between the two sides.
B. The knowledge of the specific expectation the other side holds.
C. The importance of one’s goals and of the relationship.
D. The approaches one adopts to conflict management.
18. A. The fox.
B. The owl.
C. The shark.
D. The turtle.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. Help save species from extinction and boost human health.
B. Understand how plants and animals perished over the past.
C. Help gather information publicly available to researchers.
D. Find out the cause of extinction of Britain’s 66,000 species.
20. A. It was once dominated by dinosaurs.
B. It has entered the sixth mass extinction.
C. Its prospects depend on future human behaviour.
D. Its climate change is aggravated by humans.

听力原文听力原文
21. A. It dwarfs all other efforts to conserve, protect and restore biodiversity on earth.
B. It is costly to get started and requires the joint efforts of thousands of scientists.
C. It can help to bring back the large numbers of plants and animals that have gone extinct.
D. It is the most exciting, most relevant, most timely and most internationally inspirational.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Cultural identity.
B. Social evolution.
C. The Copernican revolution.
D. Human individuality.
23. A. It is a delusion to be disposed of.
B. It is prevalent even among academics.
C. It is a myth spread by John Donne’s poem.
D. It is rooted in the mindset of the 17th century.
B. He has gained ample scientific evidence at the University of Reading.
C. He has found that our inner self and material self are interconnected.
D. He contends most of our body cells can only live a few days or weeks.
25. A. By coming to see how disruptive such problems have got to be.
B. By realising that we all can do our own bit in such endeavours.
C. By becoming aware that we are part of a bigger world.
D. By making joint efforts resolutely and persistently.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from
a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It’s quite remarkable how different genres of music can spark unique feelings, emotions, and memories. Studies
have shown that music can reduce stress and anxiety before surgeries and we are all attracted toward our own unique
life soundtrack.
If you’re looking to 26 stress, you might want to give classical music a try.
The sounds of classical music produce a calming effect letting 27 pleasure-inducing dopamine (多巴胺) in
the brain that helps control attention, learning and emotional responses. It can also turn down the body’s stress
response, resulting in an overall happier mood. It turns out a pleasant mood can lead to 28 in a person’s thinking.
Although there are many great 29 of classical music like Bach, Beethoven and Handel, none of these artists’
music seems to have the same health effects as Mozart’s does. According to researchers, listening to Mozart can
increase brain wave activity and improve 30 function. Another study found that the distinctive features of
Mozart’s music trigger parts of the brain that are responsible for high-level mental functions. Even maternity 31
use Mozart to help newborn babies adapt to life outside of the mother’s belly.
It has been found that listening to classical music 32 reduces a person’s blood pressure. Researchers believe
that the calming sounds of classical music may help your heart 33 from stress. Classical music can also be a great
tool to help people who have trouble sleeping. One study found that students who had trouble sleeping slept better
while they were listening to classical music.
Whether classical music is something that you listen to on a regular basis or not, it wouldn’t 34 to take time
out of your day to listen to music that you find 35 . You will be surprised at how good it makes you feel and the
potentially positive change in your health.
47. What does the author mean by “diffusion of responsibility” (Line 4, Para. 3)?
B. The more people who witness an event, the less likely anyone will venture to participate.
C. The more people idling around on the street, the more likely they need taking care of.
D. The more people are around, the less chance someone will step forward to intervene.
48. What happens when unsafe behavior at the workplace is not addressed by the leaders?
A. No one will intervene when they see similar behaviors.
B. Everyone will see it as the easiest way to deal with crisis.
C. Workers have to take extra caution executing their duties.
D. Workers are left to take care of the emergency themselves.
49. What is the ultimate reason workers won’t act when they see unsafe operations?
A. Preference of deferring the action to others.
B. Anticipation of leadership intervention.
C. Fear of being isolated by coworkers.
D. Fear of having to do more work.
50. What is critical to ensuring workplace safety?
A. Workers be trained to operate their equipment properly.
B. Workers exhibiting at-risk behavior be strictly disciplined.
C. Supervisors create a safety environment for timely intervention.
D. Supervisors conduct effective communication with frontline workers.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The term “environmentalist” can mean different things. It used to refer to people trying to protect wildlife and
natural ecosystems. In the 21st century, the term has evolved to capture the need to combat human-made climate
change.
The distinction between these two strands of environmentalism is the cause of a split within the scientific
On one side are purists who believe nuclear power isn’t worth the risk and the exclusive solution to the climate
crisis is renewable energy. The opposing side agrees that renewables are crucial, but says society needs an amount of
power available to meet consumers’ basic demands when the sun isn’t shining and the wind isn’t blowing. Nuclear
energy, being far cleaner than oil, gas and coal, is a natural option, especially where hydroelectric capacity is limited.
Leon Clarke, who helped author reports for the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, isn’t an
neutrality.
“Core to all of this is the degree to which you think we can actually meet climate goals with 100% renewables,”
nuclear.”
The achievability of universal 100% renewability is similarly contentious. Cities such as Burlington, Vermont,
have been “100% renewable” for years. But these cities often have small populations, occasionally still rely on fossil
fuel energy and have significant renewable resources at their immediate disposal. Meanwhile, countries that manage to
run off renewables typically do so thanks to extraordinary hydroelectric capabilities.
Germany stands as the best case study for a large, industrialized country pushing into green energy. Chancellor
Angela Merkel in 2011 announced Energiewende, an energy transition that would phase out nuclear and coal while
phasing in renewables. Wind and solar power generation has increased over 400% since 2010, and renewables
provided 46% of the country’s electricity in 2019.
But progress has halted in recent years. The instability of renewables doesn’t just mean energy is often not
produced at night, but also that solar and wind can overwhelm the grid during the day, forcing utilities to pay customers
to use their electricity. Lagging grid infrastructure struggles to transport this overabundance of green energy from
Germany’s north to its industrial south, meaning many factories still run on coal and gas. The political limit has also
been reached in some places, with citizens meeting the construction of new wind turbines with loud protests.
The result is that Germany’s greenhouse gas emissions have fallen by around 11.5% since 2010 — slower than the
EU average of 13.5%.
A. Attention to combating human-made climate change.
B. Emphasis on protecting wildlife and natural ecosystems.
C. Evolution of the term “green energy” over the last century.
D. Adherence to different interpretations of environmentalism.
52. What is the solution to energy shortage proposed by purists’ opponents?
A. Relying on renewables firmly and exclusively.
B. Using fossil fuel and green energy alternately.
C. Opting for nuclear energy when necessary.
D. Limiting people’s non-basic consumption.
53. What point does the author want to make with cities like Burlington as an example?
A. It is controversial whether the goal of the whole world’s exclusive dependence on renewables is attainable.
B. It is contentious whether cities with large populations have renewable resources at their immediate disposal.
C. It is arguable whether cities that manage to run off renewables have sustainable hydroelectric capabilities.
D. It is debatable whether traditional fossil fuel energy can be done away with entirely throughout the world.
A. It has increased its wind and solar power generation four times over the last two decades.
B. It represents a good example of a major industrialized country promoting green energy.
C. It relies on renewable energy to generate more than half of its electricity.
D. It has succeeded in reaching the goal of energy transition set by Merkel.
55. What may be one of the reasons for Germany’s progress having halted in recent years?
A. Its grid infrastructure’s capacity has fallen behind its development of green energy.
B. Its overabundance of green energy has forced power plants to suspend operation during daytime.
C. Its industrial south is used to running factories on conventional energy supplies.
D. Its renewable energy supplies are unstable both at night and during the day.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国盛产竹子，是最早开发利用竹资源的国家。竹子在中国分布广泛，品种丰富。竹子实用性强，用于生
产和生活的许多方面，如筷子、桌椅的制作和桥梁、房屋的建造。中国人爱竹，自古以来就有无数文人以竹为
主题，创作了绚丽多彩的文学和绘画作品。竹子主干 (stem) 笔直，象征正直的品格。竹子具有强大的生命力和
适应能力，无论环境多么恶劣，都能够顽强生存，因而寓意坚韧不拔的精神。几千年来，竹子一直被视为中华
民族品格的象征。