2025年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
2025 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As social media
is used more and more extensively, there is a growing awareness of the importance of using it properly and
responsibly.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Met the computer technician.
C. Called the man’s company.
D. Visited Alpha Maintenance.
2. A. Consulted someone in charge.
B. Came as soon as possible.
C. Informed the central office at once.
D. Designated an engineer to the case.
3. A. Frustration. B. Intimidation. C. Desperation. D. Indignation.
4. A. Whether the contents have been backed up.
B. Whether they can find help somewhere else.
C. Whether all data stored on the hard drive has got lost.
D. Whether they need to wipe the system directories clean.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. It’s boring.
B. It’s challenging.
C. It’s a beautiful thing.
D. It’s unlike most jobs.
6. A. Arbitrating between disagreeing solicitors.
B. Preventing disputes from escalating.
C. Buying and selling property.
D. Mediating land disputes.
7. A. Courts are intended for fixing major legal disputes.
B. Courts are getting too bureaucratic to function.
C. Courts can be frustrating and expensive.
D. Courts can be frightening and arbitrary.
8. A. The ability to make arguments in a unique way.
B. The skill of preventing conflicts between parties concerned.
C. The skill of foreseeing any potential stakes in their work.
D. The ability to express themselves clearly and forcefully.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions.
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They looked into the relationship between one’s prior knowledge and creativity.
B. They offered novel ways to help older adults to keep their memories from aging.
C. They proposed an explanation for old people’s difficulty in retrieving memories.
D. They advanced a new model concerning human information storage and retrieval.
10. A. Young adults rely on memory while older adults keep notes as a reminder.
B. Older adults often retrieve irrelevant memories along with what they want.
C. Young adults accumulate knowledge much more quickly than older adults.
D. Older adults generally perform cognitive tasks much slower than young adults.
11. A. They show preserved, and sometimes enhanced, creativity.
B. They frequently suffer from disorderly crowded memories.
C. They can rely on their accumulated wisdom in an emergency.
D. They may well be served by forgetting their prior knowledge.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. They are actually proud of the goods and services they produce.
C. They are rarely in control of many things related to their work.
D. They are longing to share the profits made from their work.
13. A. The steady decrease in productivity.
B. The adverse effect on physical health.
C. The feeling of being time-poor.
D. The rising economic inequality.
14. A. It alters the structure of work.
B. It puts jobs and wages at risk.
C. It liberates people from tedious and laborious work.
D. It creates new work opportunities in the IT industry.
15. A. Finding meaning in work.
B. Prioritizing life over work.
C. Improving relationships in the community.
D. Realizing one’s social value in the workplace.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Affect our attitude to novel tasks.
B. Distinguish us in the social world.
C. Outweigh IQ in importance.
D. Impact academic achievements.
17. A. By pressing a hidden button.
B. By pushing a big button on top.
C. By pressing two buttons at the same time.
D. By helping the babies push the right button.
18. A. Perform difficult tasks successfully just by observing how adults acted.
C. Adapt themselves to different social contexts.
D. Work hard to interact with experimenters.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. Offering advice on overcoming habitual lateness.
B. Exemplifying various recreational opportunities.
C. Scrutinizing individuals’ defining traits.
D. Suggesting ways for setting priorities.
20. A. Make the breakfast simpler.
B. Take the alarms seriously.
C. Ready yourself in the early dawn.
D. Get prepared the night before.
21. A. Finish the prior task 30 minutes earlier.
B. Keep ourselves from hitting a bump.
C. Leave time in between activities.
D. Try to avoid possible hold-ups.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.

听力原文听力原文
22. A. Their lifestyles vary.
B. Their traits vary.
C. They have different customs.
D. They have different feels.
23. A. They are not as willing to help strangers.
B. They are not as patient with one another.
C. They violate traffic rules more frequently.
D. They become more easily irritated in public.
24. A. It was practiced by Boston’s founding fathers.
B. It is not deemed exotic by Proper Bostonians.
C. It was adopted by Boston’s upper class.
D. It is not part of Boston’s local culture.
25. A. Stick to its own way of showing courtesy to strangers.
B. Follow the examples set by Paris and New York City.
C. Learn from the world’s major cities in promoting tourism.
D. Take pride in its history and adhere to its cultural tradition.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
In her second year, Charlene Duong learned of the use of poisonous, synthetic pesticides on her college campus.
Shocked but not surprised, she knew she had to do something. Along with a couple of classmates, Charlene did a quick
web search and discovered a small but growing movement led by the organization, Herbicide-Free Campus (HFC), to
rid college campuses of artificial herbicide (灭草剂). They were 26 .
Like many, Charlene experiences climate anxiety — a 27 fear of a climate catastrophe — and was, at the time,
looking for an 28 . When she discovered the HFC movement, she said she felt she “had found a specific area to
focus on that still fit into the larger picture of fighting for a healthier, safer, cleaner 29 for all.”
Toxic herbicide use in university land care is not unique. Most institutions of higher education rely on synthetic
pesticides and fertilizers to achieve 30 goals. Having a “beautiful” campus means green and perfectly maintained
lawns along with flower beds and paved sidewalks. But these 31 managed campuses can come at a cost: increased
cancer risk, 32 waterways, poisoned wildlife and lifeless soil.
Pesticide use on college campuses also contributes to our global climate crisis. The use of chemicals to get rid of
insects or unwanted plant life can increase indirect 33 , as they can include petroleum-based ingredients. Pesticide
use also decreases the life in soil, 34 the ability of soils to absorb carbon or retain water and thus reducing
campuses’ ability to recover quickly from climate-related extreme weather events like droughts and floods.
Instead of using toxic chemicals, students working with HFC help out with 35 the campus grounds.
“This work reminds me to be in the present moment as I play my role in reducing herbicide use and keeping my
campus safe and healthy,” says Charlene.
A. aesthetic
B. chronic
C. contaminated
D. conventionally
E. emissions
F. environment
G. hampering
H. incidentally
I. infringement
J. intrigued
K. juvenile
L. outlet
M. rotating
N. vibrations
O. weeding
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
We instead suggest using unexcused absence from school as a signal to channel resources to the children and
families who need them most.
46. What does the US secretary of education say in his open letter?
A. It is of vital importance to respond promptly to the school absence crisis.
B. The academic performance of chronically absent students is deplorable.
C. Low academic achievement is mainly attributed to school absences.
D. The effect of school absences on American education is worrisome.
A. Excused school absences have little impact on children’s learning.
B. There is little difference between unexcused and excused absences.
C. Excused absences lead to comparatively better school performance.
D. Unexcused absences are a big challenge to both schools and families.
48. What do the authors believe concerning unexcused school absences?
A. They are likely to cause a decrease in students’ academic achievements due to missed instruction.
B. They point directly to many of the out-of-school challenges confronting children and their families.
C. They are matters the American government typically ignores when formulating educational policies.
D. They give a clear signal to children and their families of the crises they are likely to face in the future.
49. What is the assumption underlying education policies in the US?
A. Children’s academic performance depends on reducing the number of absences.
B. Schools can boost children’s academic performance by effective intervention.
C. Schools as well as families should be held responsible for out-of-school crises.
D. Children’s academic performance is closely related to the quality of instruction.
50. What do the authors suggest doing regarding school absences?
A. Identifying their underlying causes.
B. Reframing school attendance policies.
C. Directing resources to helping needy children.
D. Pressuring schools to reduce unexcused ones.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
After earning a bachelor’s degree, I was determined to do what I love. I headed straight to graduate school to
investigate the social problems that fascinated me.
For almost a decade, I told everyone I encountered that they should do the same. “Follow your passion,” I
counseled. “You can figure out the employment stuff later.”
It wasn’t until I began to research this widely accepted career advice that I understood how problematic it really
was.
As a sociologist, I interviewed college students and professional workers to learn what it really meant to pursue
the research for my new book.
Surveys show the American public has long held the passion principle in high regard as a career decision-making
priority. And its popularity is even stronger among those facing job instability.
Advocates of the passion principle found it compelling because they believed that following one’s passion can
provide workers with both the motivation necessary to work hard and a place to find fulfillment.
Yet, what I found is that following one’s passion does not necessarily lead to fulfillment, but is one of the most
powerful cultural forces perpetuating overwork. I also found that promoting the pursuit of one’s passion helps
perpetuate social inequalities due to the fact that not everyone has the same economic resources to allow them to pursue
their passion with ease.
While the passion principle is broadly popular, not everyone has the necessary resources to turn their passion into a
stable, good-paying job. Passion-seekers from wealthy families are better able to wait until a job they are passionate
internships to get their foot in the door while their parents pay their rent. And they often have access to parents’ social
networks to help them find jobs. Surveys revealed that working-class and first-generation college graduates, regardless
of their career field, are more likely than their wealthier peers to end up in low-paying unskilled jobs when they pursue
their passion.
Colleges, workplaces and career counselors who promote the “follow your passion” path for everyone, without
leveling the playing field, help perpetuate socioeconomic inequalities among career aspirants.
It’s not just well-off passion-seekers who benefit from the passion principle. Employers of passionate workers do,
too. Potential employers showed greater interest in passionate applicants in part because they believed the applicants
would work hard at their jobs without expecting an increase in pay. They even sacrifice a good salary, job stability and
leisure time to work in a job they love.
51. What did the author advise people to do for almost a decade?
A. Figure out what is the most fascinating job.
B. Follow widely accepted career counsel.
C. Pursue their careers with passion.
D. Do whatever they are zealous for.
A. He was astonished by its consequences.
B. He was further convinced of its soundness.
C. He was actually right to follow it through.
D. He was struck by its broad popularity.
53. What is important to turning one’s passion into a stable, good-paying job?
A. Willingness to take unpaid internships and low-paying jobs.
B. Full academic preparedness and sound career counseling.
C. Hard work and sacrifice of leisure time.
D. Financial backing and social connections.
54. What happens when everyone is encouraged to follow their passion?
A. Many more career aspirants end up unemployed.
B. People are less concerned with socioeconomic inequality.
C. Socioeconomic inequality is likely to persist.
D. Career counselors are going to lose credibility.
A. They provide these workers with job stability and a good salary.
B. They exploit these workers’ passion to benefit themselves.
C. They level the playing field for these workers to reach their goals.
D. They encourage these workers to realize their aspirations.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
天宫空间站 (Tiangong Space Station) 是中国首个太空实验室，拥有 110 多立方米使用空间，可驻留 3 名航
天员，在距地球表面 400—450 公里的轨道上运行。天宫空间站已实施 180 多个科学研究与应用项目，涉及空
间生命科学、太空医学、空间材料科学等领域。天宫空间站的研究成果在我国得到了广泛应用，产生了显著的
经济效益。例如，太空育种创造的直接经济效益高达数千亿元。这不仅标志中国在航天技术上取得了巨大进步，
也表明中国为全球的太空研究和应用做出了重大贡献。