2017年6月英语六级真题(第2套)
2017 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题（第二套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend a vocational college or a university,
write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He would feel insulted. B) He would feel very sad.
C) He would be embarrassed. D) He would be disappointed.
2. A) They are worthy of a prize. B) They are of little value.
C) They make good reading. D) They need improvement.
3. A) He seldom writes a book straight through.
B) He writes several books simultaneously.
C) He draws on his real-life experiences.
D) He often turns to his wife for help.
4. A) Writing a book is just like watching a football match.
B) Writers actually work every bit as hard as footballers.
C) He likes watching a football match after finishing a book.
D) Unlike a football match, there is no end to writing a book.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Achievements of black male athletes in college.
B) Financial assistance to black athletes in college.
C) High college dropout rates among black athletes.
D) Undergraduate enrollments of black athletes.
6. A) They display great talent in every kind of game.
B) They are better at sports than at academic work.
C) They have difficulty finding money to complete their studies.
D) They make money for the college but often fail to earn a degree.
C) Slightly over 50%. D) Approximately 70%.
8. A) Coaches lack the incentive to graduate them.
B) College degrees do not count much to them.
C) They have little interest in academic work.
D) Schools do not deem it a serious problem.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Marketing strategies. B) Holiday shopping.
C) Shopping malls. D) Online stores.
11. A) They have fewer customers.
B) They find it hard to survive.
C) They are thriving once more.
D) They appeal to elderly customers.
12. A) Better quality of consumer goods.
B) Higher employment and wages.

C) Greater varieties of commodities.
D) People having more leisure time.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They are new species of big insects.
B)They are overprescribed antibiotics.
C)They are life-threatening diseases.
D)They are antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
14. A) Antibiotics are now in short supply.
B)Many infections are no longer curable.
C)Large amounts of tax money are wasted.
D)Routine operations have become complex.
15. A) Facilities.
B)Expertise.
C)Money.
D)Publicity.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), CJ and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It is accessible only to the talented.
B) It improves students’ ability to think.
C) It starts a lifelong learning process.
D) It gives birth to many eminent scholars.
17. A) They encourage academic democracy.
B) They promote globalization.
C) They uphold the presidents’ authority.
[I] Students in university towns may also have access to another lever for involvement in accelerated math:
math circles. In these groups, which came out of an Eastern European tradition of developing young talent, professors
teach promising K-12 students advanced mathematics for several hours after school or on weekends. The Los
Angeles Math Circle, held at the University of California, Los Angeles, began in 2007 with 20 students and now has
more than 250. “These math circles cost nothing, or they’re very cheap for students to get involved in, but you have
they just can’t get them in the door. Part of it is communication; part of it is transportation.”
[J] It’s no secret in the advanced-math community that diversity is a problem. According to Mark Saul, the
director of competitions for the Mathematical Association of America, not a single African-American or Hispanic
student---and only a handful of girls---has ever made it to the Math Olympiad team in its 50 years of existence. Many
schools simply don’t prioritize academic competitions. “Do you know who we have to beat?” asked Saul. “The
football team, the basketball team---that’s our competition for resources, student time, attention, school dollars,
parent efforts, school enthusiasm.”
[K] Teachers in low-income urban and rural areas with no history of participating in math competitions may not
to lead them.
[L] But there are initiatives in place to try to get more underrepresented students involved in accelerated math.
A New York City-based nonprofit called Bridge to Enter Mathematics runs a residential summer program aimed at
getting underserved students，mostly black and Hispanic, working toward math and science careers. The summer
after 7th grade, students spend three weeks on a college campus studying advanced math for seven hours a day. Over
the next five years, the group helps the students get into other elite summer math programs, high-performing high
from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation.
[M] “If you look at a lot of low-income communities in the United States, there are programs that are serving
them, but they’ re primarily centered around ‘Let’s get these kids’ grades up’, and not around ‘Let’s get these kids
access to the same kinds of opportunities as more-affluent kids,’” said Daniel Zaharopol, the founder and executive
director of the program. “We’re trying to create that pathway.” Students apply to the program directly through their
schools. “We want to reach parents who are not plugged into the system,” said Zaharopol.
[N] In the past few years, Math Counts added two new middle school programs to try to diversify its participant
pool---the National Math Club and the Math Video Challenge. Schools or teachers who sign up for the National Math
Club receive a kit full of activities and resources, but there’s no special teacher training and no competition attached.
[O] The Math Video Challenge is a competition, but a collaborative one. Teams of four students make a video
illustrating a math problem and its real-world application. After the high-pressure Countdown round at this year’s
national Math Counts competition, in which the top 12 students went head to head solving complex problems in rapid
fire, the finalists for the Math Video Challenge took the stage to show their videos. The demographics of that group
looked quite different from those in the competition round---of the 16 video finalists, 13 were girls and eight were
African-American students. The video challenge does not put individual students on the hot seat---so it’s less
intimidating by design. It also adds the element of artistic creativity to attract a new pool of students who may not see
themselves as “math people”.
36. Middle school is a crucial period when students may become keenly interested in advanced mathematics.
37. Elite high school math competitions are attracting more interest throughout the UnitedStates.
38. Math circles provide students with access to advanced-math training by universityprofessors.
39. Students may take advantage of online resources to learn to solve math problems.
40. The summer program run by a nonprofit organization has helped many underservedstudents learn advanced math.
41. Winners of local contests will participate in the national math competition for free.
42. Many schools don't place academic competitions at the top of their priority list.
43. Contestants of elite high school math competitions are mostly Asian and white studentsfrom well-off families.
44. Some math training programs primarily focus on raising students' math scores.
45. Some intensive summer programs are very expensive but most of them providescholarships.
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We live today indebted to McCardell, Cashin, Hawes, Wilkins, and Maxwell, and other women who liberated
American fashion from the confines of Parisian design. Independence came in tying, wrapping, storing, harmonizing,
and rationalizing that wardrobe. These designers established the modem dress code, letting playsuits and other active
wear outfits suffice for casual clothing, allowing pants to enter the wardrobe, and prizing rationalism and versatility
in dress, in contradiction to dressing for an occasion or allotment of the day. Fashion in America was logical and
answerable to the will of the women who wore it. Implicitly or explicitly, American fashion addressed a democracy,
whereas traditional Paris-based fashion was prescriptive and imposed on women, willing or not.
In an earlier time, American fashion had also followed the dictates of Paris, or even copied and pirated specific
French designs. Designer sportswear was not modeled on that of Europe, as “modem art” would later be; it was
genuinely invented and developed in America. Its designers were not high-end with supplementary lines. The design
objective and the business commitment were to sportswear, and the distinctive traits were problem-solving ingenuity
and realistic lifestyle applications. Ease of care was most important: summer dresses and outfits, in particular, were
as the modem woman depended on no personal maid to dress her. American designers prized resourcefulness and the
freedom of women who wore the clothing.
Many have argued that the women designers of this time were able to project their own clothing values into a
new style. Of course, much of this argument in the 1930s-40s was advanced because there was little or no experience
in justifying apparel(服装) on the basis of utility. If Paris was cast aside, the tradition of beauty was also to some
degree slighted. Designer sportswear would have to be verified by a standard other than that of pure beauty; the
emulation of a designer’s life in designer sportswear was a crude version of this relationship. The consumer was
ultimately to be mentioned as well, especially by the likes of Dorothy Shaver, who could point to the sales figures at
Lord & Taylor.
Could utility alone justify the new ideas of the American designers? Fashion is often regarded as a pursuit of
beauty, and some cherished fashion’s trivial relationship to the fine arts. What the designers of the American
sportswear proved was that fashion is a genuine design art, answering to the demanding needs of service. Of course
these practical, insightful designers have determined the course of late twentieth-century fashion. They were the
pioneers of gender equity, in their useful, adaptable clothing, which was both made for the masses and capable of
self-expression.
storks that flew only as far as northern Morocco, and spent the winter there on rubbish dumps. “For the birds it’s a
very convenient way to get food. There are huge clusters of organic waste they can feed on,” said Flack. The meals
are not particularly appetising, or even safe. Much of the waste is discarded rotten meat, mixed in with other human
debris such as plastic bags and old toys.
“It’s very risky. The birds can easily eat pieces of plastic or rubber bands and they can die,” said Flack. “And
cannot estimate that yet.”
The scientists tracked white storks from different colonies in Europe and Africa. The Russian, Greek and Polish
storks flew as far as South Africa, while those from Spain, Tunisia and Germany flew only as far as the Sahel.
Landfill sites on the Iberian peninsula have long attracted local white storks, but all of the Spanish birds tagged
in the study flew across the Sahara desert to the western Sahel. Writing in the journal, the scientists describe how the
storks from Germany were clearly affected by the presence of waste sites, with four out of six birds that survived for
at least five months overwintering on rubbish dumps in northern Morocco, instead of migrating to the Sahel.
Flack said it was too early to know whether the benefits of plentiful food outweighed the risks of feeding on
destinations, and disrupting the traditional routes could have unexpected side effects. White storks feed on locusts (蝗
虫) and other insects that can become pests if their numbers get out of hand. “They provide a useful service,” said
Flack.
51. What is the impact of rubbish dumps on wildlife?
A) They have forced white storks to search for safer winter shelters.
B)They have seriously polluted the places where birds spend winter.
C)They have accelerated the reproduction of some harmful insects.
D)They have changed the previous migration habits of certain birds.
A) They can multiply at an accelerating rate.
B) They can better pull through the winter.
C) They help humans kill harmful insects.
D) They are more likely to be at risk of dying.
A) They may end up staying there permanently.
B) They may eat something harmful.
C) They may evolve new feeding habits.
D) They may have trouble getting adequate food.
A) They gradually lose the habit of migrating in winter.
C)They are not attracted to the rubbish dumps on their migration routes.
D)They join the storks from Germany on rubbish dumps in Morocco.
A) The potential harm to the ecosystem.
B) The genetic change in the stork species.
D) The damaging effect on bio-diversity.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
宋朝始于 960 年，一直延续到 1279 年。这一时期，中国经济大幅增长，成为世界上最先进的经济体，
科学、技术、哲学和数学蓬勃发展。宋代中国是世界历史上首先发行纸币的国家。宋朝还最早使用火药并发
明了活字（movable-type）印刷。人口增长迅速，越来越多的人住进城市，那里有热闹的娱乐场所。社会
生活多种多样。人们聚集在一起观看和交易珍贵艺术品。宋朝的政府体制在当时也是先进的。政府官员均通
过竞争性考试选拔任用。