2019年6月英语六级真题(第1套)
2019 年 6 月大学英语六级考试真题(第 1 套)
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of team spirit and
communication in the workplace. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
____________________________________________________________________________________________
PartII Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A)
，B)
，C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) A six- month-long negotiation. B) Preparations for the party.
C) A project with a troublesome client. D) Gift wrapping for the colleagues.
2. A) Take wedding photos. B) Advertise her company.
C) Start a small business. D) Throw a celebration party.
3. A) Hesitant. B) Nervous.
C) Flattered. D) Surprised.
4. A) Start her own bakery. B) Improve her baking skill.
C) Share her cooking experience. D) Prepare food for the wedding.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have to spend more time studying.
B) They have to participate in club activities.
C) They have to be more responsible for what they do.
D) They have to choose a specific academic discipline.
6. A) Get ready for a career. B) Make a lot of friends.
C) Set a long-term goal. D) Behave like adults.
7. A) Those who share her academic interests.
B) Those who respect her student commitments.
C) Those who can help her when she is in need.
D) Those who go to the same clubs as she does.
8. A) Those helpful for tapping their potential.
B)Those conducive to improving their social skills.
C)Those helpful for cultivating individual interests.
D)Those conducive to their academic studies.
Section B
Directions:In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A)
，C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9.A) They break away from traditional ways of thinking.
B) They are prepared to work harder than anyone else.
C) They are good at refining old formulas.
D) They bring their potential into full play.
10. A) They contributed to the popularity of skiing worldwide.
B) They resulted in a brandnew style of skiing techniques.
C) They promoted the scientific use of skiing poles.
D) They made explosive news in the sports world.
11. A) He was recognized as a genius in the world of sports.
B)He competed in all major skiing events in the world.
C)He won three gold medals in one Winter Olympics.
D)He broke three world skiing records in three years.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They appear restless. B) They lose consciousness.
C) They become upset. D) They die almost instantly.
13. A) It has an instant effect on your body chemistry.
B)It keeps returning to you every now and then.
C)It leaves you with a long-lasting impression.
D)It contributes to the shaping of you mind.
14. A) To succeed while feeling irritated. B) To feel happy without good health.
C) To be free from frustration and failure. D) To enjoy good health while in dark moods.
15. A) They are closely connected. B) They function in a similar way.
C) They are too complex to understand. D) They reinforce each other constantly.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They differ in their appreciation of music.
B) They focus their attention on different things.
C) They finger the piano keys in different ways.
D) They choose different pieces of music to play.
17. A) They manage to cooperate well with their teammates.
B) They use effective tactics to defeat their competitors.
C) They try hard to meet the spectators’ expectations.
D) They attach great importance to high performance.
18. A) It marks a breakthrough in behavioral science.
B) It adopts a conventional approach to research.
C) It supports a piece of conventional wisdom.
D) It gives rise to controversy among experts.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) People’s envy of slim models. B) People’s craze for good health.
C) The increasing range of fancy products. D) The great variety of slimming products.
20. A) They appear vigorous. B) They appear strange.
C)They look charming. D) They look unhealthy.
21.A) Culture and upbringing. B) Wealth and social status.

C)Peer pressure. D) Media influence.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The relation between hair and skin. B) The growing interest in skin studies.
C)The color of human skin. D) The need of skin protection.
23. A) The necessity to save energy. B) Adaptation to the hot environment.
C)The need to breathe with ease. D)Dramatic climate changes on earth.
24. A) Leaves and grass. B) Man-made shelter.
C)Their skin coloring. D) Hair on their skin.
25.A) Their genetic makeup began to change. B)Their communities began to grow steadily.
C)Their children began to mix with each other.D)Their pace of evolution began to quicken.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight. For years, nutritionists have recommended that pasta be kept
to a 26 , to cut calories, prevent fat build-up and stop blood sugar 27 up.
The low-carbohydrate food movement gave birth to such diets as the Atkins, Paleo and Keto, which advised
swapping foods like bread, pasta and potatoes for vegetables, fish and meat. More recently the trend of swapping
spaghetti for vegetables has been 28 by clean-eating experts.
But now a 29 review and analysis of 30 studies by Canadian researchers found that not only does
pasta not cause weight gain, but three meals a week can help people drop more than half a kilogram over four
months. The reviewers found that pasta had been unfairly demonized (妖魔化) because it had been 30 in with
other, more fat-promoting carbohydrates.
“The study found that pasta didn’t 31 to weight gain or increase in body fat,” said lead author Dr John
Sievenpiper. “In 32 the evidence, we can now say with some confidence that pasta does not have an 33
effect on body weigh outcomes when it is consumed as part of a healthy dietary pattern.” In fact, analysis actually
showed a small weigh loss. So 34 to concerns, perhaps pasta can be part of a healthy diet
Those involved in the 35 trials on average ate 3.3 servings of pasta a week instead of other carbohydrates,
one serving equaling around half a cup. They lost around half a kilogram over an average follow-up of 12 weeks.
A) adverse I) minimum
B) championed J) radiating
C clinical K) ration
D) contrary L) shooting
E) contribute M) subscribe
F) intimate N) systematic
G) lumped O) weighing
H) magnified
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
has a smartphone, connected to the internet almost everywhere almost all the time. Even when a retailer gets a
customer to walk in the store, she can easily see if there’s a better deal online or at another store nearby.
L) So far, the main thing many large retailers have done in response to all this is to open online stores, so people
will come to them directly rather than to Amazon and its smaller online rivals ． Many are having the same
problem that newspapers have. Even if they get online traffic, they struggle to make enough money online to
compensate for what they are losing offline.
M) A few seem to be making this work ． Among large traditional retailers, Walmart recently reported the best
results, leading its stock price to surge, while Macy’s, Target, and Nordstrom’s dropped. Yet Walmart’s
year-over-year online sales only grew 7 percent, leading its CEO to lament ( 哀 叹 ), “Growth here is too
slow．”Part of the problem is that almost two decades after Amazon filed the one．click patent, the online retail
shopping and buying experience is filled with frictions．A recent study graded more than 600 internet retailers
on how easy it was for consumers to shop, buy, and pay．Almost half of the sites didn’t get a passing grade and
only 18 percent got an A or B．
N) The turmoil on the ground in physical retail is hard to square with the Census data． Unfortunately, part of the
explanation is that the Census retail data are unreliable．Our deep 100k into those data and their preparation
revealed serious problems．It seems likely that Census simply misclassifies a large chunk of online sales．It is
certain that the Census procedures, which lump the online sales of major traditional retailers like Walmart
with“non-store retailers"1ike food trucks．can mask major changes in individual retail categories．The bureau
could easily present their data in more useful ways．but they have chosen not to．
O) Despite the turmoil, brick and mortar won’t disappear any time soon．The big questions are which, if any, of
the large traditional retailers will still be on the scene in a decade or two because they have successfully
reinvented themselves, which new players will operate busy stores on Main Streets and maybe even in shopping
malls, and how the shopping and buying experience will have changed in each retail category ． Investors
shouldn’t write off brick and mortar．Whether they should bet on the traditional players who run those stores
now is another matter
36.Although online retailing has existed for some twenty years, nearly half of the internet retailers still fail to
receive satisfactory feedback from consumers, according to a recent survey．
37.Innovative retailers integrate internet technologies with conventional retailing to create new retail models．
38.Despite what the Census data suggest, the value of physical retail’s stocks has been dropping．
39.Innovative-driven changes in the retail industry didn’t take place as quickly as widely anticipated．
40. Statistics indicate that brick and mortar sales still made up the lion’s share of the retail business.
41. Companies that successfully combine online and offline business models may prove to be a big concern for
traditional retailers.
42.Brick and mortar retailers’ faith in their business was strengthened when the dot com bubble burst.
43. Despite the tremendous challenges from online retailing, traditional retailing will be here to stay for quite
some time.
44. With the rise of online commerce, physical retail stores are likely to suffer the same fate as i the yellow pages.
45. The wide use of smartphones has made it more complex for traditional retailers to reinvent their business.
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C)and D). You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
A) They are much influenced by the academic community.
B) They are most likely to benefit from AI development.
D) They believe they can keep AI under human control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The market for products designed specifically for older adults could reach $30 billion by next year, and
startups (初创公司) want in on the action. What they sometimes lack is feedback from the people who they hope
will use their products. So Brookdale, the country’s largest owner of retirement communities, has been inviting a
few select entrepreneurs just to move in for a few days, show off their products and hear what the residents have to
say.
That’s what brought Dayle Rodriguez, 28, all the way from England to the dining room of Brookdale South
Bay in Torrance, California. Rodriguez is the community and marketing manager for a company called Sentab.
The startup’s product, SentabTV, enables older adults who may not be comfortable with computers to access email,
video chat and social media using just their televisions and a remote control.
“It’s nothing new, it’s nothing too complicated and it’s natural because lots of people have TV remotes,”says
Rodriguez.
But none of that is the topic of conversation in the Brookdale dining room. Instead, Rodriguez solicits
residents’ advice on what he should get on his cheeseburger and how he should spend the afternoon. Playing cards
was on the agenda, as well as learning to play mahjong (麻将).
Rodriguez says it’s important that residents here don’t feel like he’s selling them something. “I’ve had more
feedback in a passive approach,”he says. “Playing pool, playing cards, having dinner, having lunch,”all work
better “than going through a survey of questions. When they get to know me and to trust me, knowing for sure I’m
not selling them something—there’ll be more honest feedback from them.”
Rodriguez is just the seventh entrepreneur to move into one of Brookdale’s 1,100 senior living communities.
Other new products in the program have included a kind of full-body blow dryer and specially designed clothing
that allows people with disabilities to dress and undress themselves.
Mary Lou Busch, 93, agreed to try the Sentab system. She tells Rodriguez that it might be good for someone,
but not for her.
“I have the computer and FaceTime, which I talk with my family on,”she explains. She also has an iPad and a
smartphone. “So I do pretty much everything I need to do.”
To be fair, if Rodriguez had wanted feedback from some more technophobic (害怕技术的) seniors, he might
have ended up in the wrong Brookdale community. This one is located in the heart of Southern California’s
aerospace corridor. Many residents have backgrounds in engineering, business and academic circles.
But Rodriguez says he's still learning something important by moving into this Brookdale community:
“People are more tech-proficient than we thought.”
And besides, where else would he learn to play mahjong?
A) They never lose time in upgrading products for seniors.
B) They want to have a share of the seniors’ goods market.
C) They invite seniors to their companies to try their products.
D) They try to profit from promoting digital products to seniors.
52. Some entrepreneurs have been invited to Brookdale to______.
A) have an interview with potential customers
B) conduct a survey of retirement communities
C) collect residents’ feedback on their products
D) show senior residents how to use IT products
A) It is a TV program catering to the interest of the elderly.
B) It is a digital TV which enjoys popularity among seniors.
C) It is a TV specially designed for seniors to view programs.
D) It is a communication system via TV instead of a computer.
54. What does Rodriguez say is important in promoting products?
A) Winning trust from prospective customers.
B) Knowing the likes and dislikes of customers.
C) Demonstrating their superiority on the spot.
D) Responding promptly to customer feedback.
A) Most of them are interested in using the Sentab.
B) They are quite at ease with high-tech products.
C) They have much in common with seniors elsewhere.
D) Most of them enjoy a longer life than average people.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国幅员辽阔，人口众多，很多地方人们都说自己的方言。方言在发音上差别很大，词汇和语法差别
较小。有些方言，特别是北方和南方的方言，差异很大，以致于说不同方言的人常常很难听懂彼此的讲话。
方言被认为是当地文化的一个组成部分，但近年来能说方言的人数不断减少。为了鼓励人们更多说本地语
言，一些地方政府已经采取措施，如在学校开设方言课，在广播和电视上播放方言节目，以期保存本地的
文化遗产。