2022年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
2022 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “With the
application of information technology in education, college students can now learn in more diverse and efficient
ways.” You can make statements, give reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. She hasn’t started writing it.
B. She hasn’t decided on a topic.
C. She is proofreading the first draft.
D. She is working on the references.
2. A. He lent many books to the man for reference.
B. He offered the man advice on resource hunting.
C. He published a lot in a number of reputable journals.
D. He told the man to be selective when using e-resources.
3. A. He didn’t think her dissertation topic viable.
B. He wasn’t interested in her dissertation topic.
C. He didn’t want her to rush through her dissertation.
4. A. Change her research methodology.
B. Narrow down her dissertation topic.
C. Consult her professor more.
D. Follow the man’s advice.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. He has translated 12 books.
B. He is a well-known nutritionist.
C. His books sell well worldwide.
D. His latest book sold a million copies.
6. A. The desire of Americans to try exotic cuisines.
C. The fact that over half of Americans are overweight.
D. The fact that science books are difficult to read.
7. A. The general public.
B. Those who are overweight.
C. Those who want to lose weight.
D. The medical community.
8. A. Switch to a vegetarian diet.
B. Follow a personalized diet.
C. Adhere to doctors’ advice.
D. Cut carbohydrate intake.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. The rate of their growth increased dramatically.
B. The growth of their new brain cells doubled.
C. They began to show signs of depression.
D. They began to get irritated and restless.
10. A. To avoid them in the future.
B. To warn others against them.
C. To make good sense of them.
D. To reflect on their causes.
11. A. Produce a surprising healing effect.
B. Weaken one’s immunity in the long run.
C. Make people more susceptible to illness.
D. Provide protection against mental illnesses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Placing their own interests over their staff’s.
B. Being overwhelmed by their daily routines.
C. Lacking the ability to relate to their staff.
D. Spending too much time handing email.
13. A. Their leadership may be challenged.
B. Their companies may go bankrupt.
C. Unexpected events may occur.
D. Major problems may result.
14. A. Keep an eye on their employees.
B. Motivate and inspire their team.
C. Sacrifice some of the immediate goals.
D. Have greater ambition in overall planning.
15. A. Cultivate self-control.
B. Filter their email boxes.
C. Respond only after work.
D. Check only when necessary.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. The key to increasing healthy food supply.
B. The best way to improve marketing research.
C. The impact of advertisements on consumption.
D. The importance of the appearance of food.
17. A. By focusing on the nutrients in different foods.
B. By emphasizing the diversity of food.
C. By stressing pleasing aesthetics of food.
D. By winning the support of marketing professors.
18. A. They can attract customers with the healthy qualities of their products.
B. They can boost sales of healthy foods by making them visually appealing.
C. They can turn to marketing professors for advice.
D. They can rely on advertising for sales promotion.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. It has witnessed a spectacular surge in demand.
B. It has met much criticism from environmentalists.
C. It has seen more small businesses offering environment-friendly products.
D. It has experienced increasingly fierce competition among global companies.
B. Their mass production has sharply reduced the price.
C. Consumers tend to favor all that is novel.
D. Their quality has been greatly improved.
C. Demonstrating on TV how effective these products are.

听力原文听力原文
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Increasing cleaners’ workload.
B. Blocking the fountains’ works.
C. Breaking a time-honored ritual.
D. Polluting the fountains’ water.
23. A. They are occasionally retrieved by curious tourists.
B. They are regularly donated to charity organizations.
C. They are mostly used for the fountains’ maintenance.
D. They are usually used as wages for fountain cleaners.
24. A. It is invested in a series of businesses.
B. It is used exclusively for its maintenance.
C. It is used to run a supermarket for the needy.
25. A. He was arrested for stealing money from four fountain cleaners.
B. He was sentenced to 34 years’ imprisonment.
C. He collected rare coins from around the world.
D. He stole a lot of money from a fountain with a magnetic stick.
Part III Reading Comprehension ( 40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
During the summer, when I was a visiting poet at a residency out of state, an angry, confused woman
wandered into my class and said: “I have three guns and I want to use them.” We all 26 . It wasn’t clear if
she had the guns, but we each know that, when we teach in America, we are already in danger.
I was dizzy with fear. The woman, who later turned out to be a schizophrenic (精神分裂症患者) without
27 to her medications, was, by some force, wrestled out and 28 away, then put in a hospital for
observation, in a step that was actually safer for everyone than any one of us pressing charges. My class went on;
couldn’t shake the sense that in this country we always live at 30 risk.
A few months later, crisis 31 again. While my husband was locking his bike to drop off our 3-year-old
daughter for her preschool-aged day camp, a different woman approached. Swiftly and for no 32 reason,
she bent down, picked up our daughter, and began to carry her down the street. It was so fast and confusing that
my daughter 33 cried. My husband, in a burst of speed, chased the woman and reclaimed our daughter. The
when she was taken into custody she was incoherent. Heartbreakingly, she called our daughter by the name of
someone else’s child. Each part of the episode was as haunting as it was 35 .
A. access
B. apparent
C. barely
D. dedication
E. escorted
F. froze
G. incredible
H. indignant
I. network
J. overriding
K. peacefully
L. presumably
M. stifled
N. struck
O. terrifying
47. What do employees tend to do in pursuing work-related self-esteem?
A. Take on tasks well beyond their actual capabilities.
B. Strive to succeed at the expense of their well-being.
C. Resort to all means regardless of the consequences.
D. Exaggerate their sense of shame and worthlessness.
A. They may often feel inferior to their colleagues.
B. They cannot enjoy their personal life to the full.
C. They are never satisfied with their achievements.
D. They have their own view of friendship and leisure.
49. What is the good news we learn from the recent research?
A. The pursuit of goals may turn out to be enjoyable and pleasant.
B. The emotional rewards from goal pursuit are worth the pains taken.
C. The negative consequences of goal pursuit can mostly be avoided.
D. The goal of swelling self-esteem can be achieved if one keeps trying.
50. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
A. Workers have to make sacrifices to preserve self-esteem.
B. Self-esteem swells when workers are strongly motivated.
C. Pursuit of goals affects people’s personal lives to an unhealthy extent.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Degradation of the world’s natural resources by humans is rapidly outpacing the planet’s ability to absorb
the damage, a recent UN environmental study has found. The study concludes that without radical action the
level of prosperity that millions of people in the developed world count on will be impossible to maintain or
extend to poorer countries.
Water scarcity is the curse of some of the poorest regions on Earth, leaving developing countries
increasingly unable to feed themselves, and causing hardship for millions of people. There appears little
prospect of this desperate situation being remedied without radical action being taken. Water sources are under
increasing threat from population growth, climate change, rapid urbanisation, rising levels of consumption, and
the degradation of lands that previously provided a natural replenishment (补充) of water resources.
The rate of damage to the natural environment was found to increase globally, despite concerted efforts to
persuade governments to take measures to improve the condition. “If current trends continue, and the world
fails to improve patterns of production and consumption, then the state of the world’s environment will
continue to decline,” warned UN executive director Achim Steiner.
He said the tools for improving the environment for millions of people existed in developed countries, but
were in danger of not being used.
The study found that basic measures to tackle some of the key causes of environmental damage were still
not being taken. These included measures to reduce air pollution; to control the damage to marine eco-systems,
which can have a huge effect on fish stocks on which hundreds of millions of people depend; and to curb the
degradation of land where modern agricultural methods were pursued without regard to the longer-term
consequences.
Despite the recent global agreement on cutting greenhouse gas emissions, global carbon output continues
to rise. This will put a long-term strain on the ability of developing economies to feed their own people. Climate
change is aggravated by the emissions of greenhouse gases from chemical and natural fertilisers used in
agriculture which increased by more than a quarter between 2000 and 2010. Other problem areas identified in
the report included glaciers, which provide vital water resources for millions of people, but which are shrinking
as the climate warms.
In rich countries, these problems have built up over decades and centuries while economic growth was
pursued at the expense of the environment. Subsequent efforts to remedy the environment have met with partial
success. But in developing countries, the path of future development has more potential to change, which has
encouraged international institutions to devise more sustainable growth pathways that are supposed both to
alleviate poverty and preserve the environment.
51. What is the major finding of the UN environmental study?
A. Human activity has rendered Mother Earth almost uninhabitable.
B. Humans are doing more damage to the earth than it can cope with.
C. Environmental problems have considerably weakened human prosperity.
D. Environmental damage is more serious in developed countries these days.
A. It is getting so serious that there is little hope of solution.
B. It largely accounts for their slow economic development.
C. It can hardly be relieved if no drastic measures are taken.
D. It is primarily caused by the acceleration of climate change.
A. It will deteriorate worldwide.
B. It is attracting global attention.
C. It is being slowly remedied globally.
D. It will shrink the world’s population.
54. What is the dilemma developing countries face?
A. They cannot modernise farming without causing land degradation.
B. They cannot promote industrialisation without polluting waterways.
C. They cannot boost crop yields without causing greenhouse gas emissions.
D. They cannot catch up with rich countries without sacrificing the environment.
55. What should developing countries do in their future development according to the passage?
A. They turn to developed countries for the assistance they need.
B. They remedy environmental damage by slowing economic growth.
C. They avoid damaging interference from international institutions.
D. They improve people’s livelihood without harming the environment.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青藏高原(the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau)位于中国西南部，面积约 230 万平方公里，平均海拔 4000 米以
上，被称为“世界屋脊”。青藏高原自然资源丰富，风景秀丽，拥有多种珍稀野生动物。
青藏高原气温很低，形成了大面积高山冰川。这里是亚洲许多著名河流的源头，是中国和东南亚的
主要淡水供应源。青藏高原对全球生态系统至关重要。
由于气候变化的影响，青藏高原的冰川正在加速融化。中国一直在努力保护青藏高原的生态系统，
草地覆盖率不断增加，许多濒危物种得到更为有效的保护。