2023年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
2023 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Nowadays
parents are increasingly aware that allowing kids more freedom to explore and learn on their own helps foster
their independence and boost their confidence.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal
experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words (not including
the sentence given).
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Spending their holidays in a novel way.
B. Exploring more summer holiday resorts.
C. Surfing online to check out the best deals.
D. Renting a car instead of driving their own.
2. A. He did not like to be locked into one place.
C. He was well travelled.
D. He once owned a van.
3. A. Generate their own electricity.
B. Drive under any weather condition.
C. Receive instructions via computers.
D. Ensure the safety of passengers.
4. A. Riding one’s mountain bike on vacation.
B. Slowing down in one’s increasingly hectic life
C. Enjoying the freedom to choose where to go and work.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. Her physical health has deteriorated these past few weeks.
B. She has lagged behind most of her co-workers in output.
C. Her job performance has worsened over the past month.
D. She has missed several important appointments lately.
6. A. Penalty for curtailed output.
C. Disturbance of her mind.
D. Serious health issues.
7. A. The woman’s whole- hearted support.
B. The woman’s work proficiency.
C. His management capability.
D. His engaging personality.
8. A. The man will help the woman get back to her usual self.
B. The man will be back at his 100% in a couple of weeks.
C. The woman will be off work on the next two Mondays.
D. The woman will resume her work in two weeks.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. It can have an impact on our moods and emotions.
B. It can improve our financial status significantly.
C. It can help us achieve better work performance.
D. It can enable us to live a healthier and longer life.
10. A. One’s health tends to differ before and after marriage.
B. The spouse’s level of education can impact one’s health.
C. The wealthier one’s spouse is, the healthier one becomes.
D. One’s health status is related to one’s social background.
11. A. They had more education than their spouses.
B. They had much in common with their spouses.
C. They benefited a lot from their career achievements.
D. They showed interest in their spouses’ occupations.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Finding out the changing climate patterns.
B. Identifying the cities’ geological features.
C. Forecasting flood risks accurately.
D. Eliminating their root cause.
B. To determine the frequency of high tides causing floods.
C. To see the feasibility of his project on flooding.
D. To improve his mathematical flooding model.
14. A. To forecast rapid floods in real time.
B. To classify the flooding data processed.
C. To study the consequences of high tides on flooded areas.
D. To teach local citizens how to collect data of incoming floods.
15. A. They tracked the rising tides with video-cameras.
B. They set up Internet-connected water-level sensors.
C. They used newly-developed supercomputing facilities.
D. They observed the direction of water flow on the spot.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. To debate the validity of current survey data.
C. To account for the drastic decline in employment among men.

听力原文听力原文
D. To compare men without college degrees with those who have.
17. A. The issue of changing job requirements.
B. The increase in women taking up jobs.
C. The impact of inflation.
D. The factor of wages.
18. A. The sharp decline in marriage among men with no college degrees.
B. The wage gap between those with college degrees and those without.
C. More jobs requiring their holders to have a college degree nowadays.
D. Men’s unwillingness to accept low wages in times of growing inflation.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. More and more people attach importance to protecting endangered animals.
B. An increasing number of people demand to free animals being kept in cages.
C. More and more people prioritize animal welfare when buying things to wear.
D. An increasing number of people follow the latest trend of becoming vegetarians
20. A. Utilized a silk substitute made from mushrooms.
B. Refrained from using chemicals in their products.
C. Labelled all their products as vegan.
D. Avoided the use of leather and fur.
21. A. Whether they can be regarded as ethical.
B. Whether they can be considered sustainable.
C. Whether they actually signify a substantial change.
D. Whether they effectively protect animals at large.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. The belief is less prevalent that the world is going to hell.
B. The environmental welfare has worsened in the world.
C. The world has seen more violence in recent years.
D. The era we live in is the most peaceful in history.
23. A. They did not wish to live in the previous century.
B. They were convinced by the statistics presented to them.
C. They believed the world was deteriorating.
D. They were actually not in their right mind.
24. A. Our ancestors’ influence.
B. Our psychological biases.
C. The current state of affairs.
D. The subjectivity of mass media.
25. A. Paying attention to negative information.
B. Calculating dangerous risks to our survival.
C. Vacuuming up depressing or enraging stories.
D. Spreading exciting news around us far and wide.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
C. Most people can hardly get by without the internet due to growing digitisation.
D. Most people have been seriously addicted to the web without being aware of it.
48. Why does the author say “witnessing companies ... feels particularly irritating” (Para. 6)?
A. The UK digital divide would further worsen due to the metaverse.
B. The concept of the metaverse is believed to be still quite illusory.
C. School children would be drawn farther away from the real world.
D. Most families in the UK do not have stable broadband connections.
49. What is worth bearing in mind concerning social media platforms?
A. They are conducive to promoting societal equality.
B. They help many people feel connected with others.
C. They provide a necessary device for a digital detox.
D. They create a virtual community on the internet.
50. What does the author think is really important for those living in digital exclusion?
A. Having access to the internet.
B. Edging further towards web 3.0.
C. Getting more educational resources.
D. Opening more social media accounts.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Psychologists have long been in disagreement as to whether competition is a learned or a genetic
component of human behavior. Whatever it is, you cannot but recognize the effect competition is exerting in
academics and many other areas of contemporary life.
Psychologically speaking, competition has been seen as an inevitable consequence of human drives.
According to Sigmund Freud, humans are born screaming for attention and full of organic drives for
fulfillment in various areas. Initially, we compete for the attention of our parents. Thereafter, we are at the
mercy of a battle between our base impulses for self-fulfillment and social and cultural norms which prohibit
pure indulgence.
Current work in anthropology (人类学) has suggested, however, that this view of the role of competition
in human behavior may be incorrect. Thomas Hobbes, one of the great philosophers of the seventeenth
century, is perhaps best remembered for his characterization of the “natural world”, that is, the world before
the imposition of the will of humanity, as being “nasty, brutish, and short.” This image of the pre-rational
world is still widely held, reinforced by Charles Darwin’s highly influential work. The Origin of Species.
which established the doctrine of natural selection. This doctrine, which takes for granted that those species
best able to adapt to and master the natural environment in which they live will survive, has suggested that the
struggle for survival is an inherent human trait which determines a person’s success. Darwin’s theory has even
been summarized as “survival of the fittest” — a phrase Darwin himself never used — further highlighting
competition’s role in success. As it has often been pointed out, however, there is nothing in the concept of
natural selection that suggests that competition is the most successful strategy for “survival of the fittest.”
Darwin asserted in The Origin of Species that the struggles he was describing should be viewed as metaphors
and could easily include dependence and cooperation.
Many studies have been conducted to test the importance placed on competition as opposed to other
values, such as cooperation — by various cultures, and generally conclude that Americans uniquely praise
competition as natural, inevitable, and desirable. In 1937, the world-renowned anthropologist Margaret Mead
published Cooperation and Competition among Primitive Peoples, based on her studies of several societies
that did not prize competition, and, in fact, seemed at times to place a negative value on it. One such society
was the Zuni Indians of Arizona, and they, Mead found, valued cooperation far more than competition. After
studying dozens of such cultures, Mead’s final conclusion was that competitiveness is a culturally created
aspect of human behavior, and that its prevalence in a particular society is relative to how that society values
it.
51. What does the author think is easy to see in many areas of contemporary life?
A. The disagreement on the inevitability of competition.
B. The consequence of psychological investigation.
C. The effect of human drives.
D. The impact of competition.
52. According to psychology, what do people strive to do following the initial stage of their life?
A. Fulfill individual needs without incurring adverse effects of human drives.
B. Indulge in cultural pursuits while keeping their base impulses at bay.
C. Gain extensive recognition without exposing pure indulgence.
D. Satisfy their own desires while observing social conventions.
A. It gets misrepresented by philosophers and anthropologists.
B. It gets distorted in Darwin’s The Origin of Species.
C. It is free from the rational intervention of humans.
D. It is the pre-rational world rarely appreciated nowadays.
54. What can we conclude from Darwin’s assertion in The Origin of Species?
A. All species inherently depend on others for survival.
B. Struggles for survival do not exclude mutual support.
C. Competition weighs as much as cooperation as a survival strategy.
D. The strongest species proves to be the fittest in natural selection.
55. What conclusion did Margaret Mead reach after studying dozens of different cultures?
A. It is characteristic of humans to be competitive.
B. Americans are uniquely opposed to cooperation.
C. Competition is relatively more prevalent in Western societies.
D. People’s attitude towards competition is actually culture-bound.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
在中国，随着老龄化社会的到来，养老受到普遍关注。人们谈论最多的是应当采取什么样的养老模
式。多数人认为，养老模式需要多元化。可以通过政府引导和社会参与，建立更多更好的养老服务机
构，改进社区服务中心，鼓励居家自助养老，还可以推行家庭养老与社会养老相结合的模式。随着政府
和社会对养老服务事业投入的持续增加，养老设施将不断升级，服务质量逐步改进，老年人的生活将会
更加方便舒适、健康快乐。