2024年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
2024 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “College
provides a great opportunity for students to explore various possibilities and find the right path for themselves.”
You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2024 年 12 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
expectancy, a high infant 26 rate, high levels of unemployment and illiteracy, nutritional levels below
acceptable standards and widespread disease with very little or poor quality medical assistance. Others
live 27 wealthy and luxurious lives and so the wealth is distributed in a very 28 manner. These are the
central problems to questions of charity though charity also includes many other areas such as assisting the elderly.
We all 29 when very rich people pledge to give away most of their billions, but they are usually left
with millions to pass on, still much more than most people would expect to earn in their lifetime. Even
comparatively 30 salaries in the west are very high when compared globally. Someone on £20,000 could
easily afford to give away £2,000 per year and still have plenty to live on plus some luxuries.
Most people agree that giving to charity is morally 31 but charitable behaviour tends to be regarded as
above and beyond the call of duty. Some argue, however, that charitable behaviour is morally required. This
means that to fail to behave charitably would be wrong. The majority of arguments in this vein refer to giving
aid to poorer nations but they may also refer to giving time within one’s 32 community. Arguments tend
to place different requirements on people in different income brackets and 33 entirely people who are
merely making ends meet. Some argue that people should all contribute a certain percentage of their earnings. I
will 34 together all those arguments that place a moral requirement on people to give to charity, despite the
fact that there is wide disagreement as to the 35 of that moral requirement.
A. applaud
B. casualty
C. exclude
D. extent
E. group
F. hierarchical
G. immediate
H. incredibly
I. moderate
J. mortality
K. overt
L. praiseworthy
M. probe
N. sceptically
O. unequal
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Free-Trade Paradox
A. Trade is one of the policy areas where the hostility that exists between populists (民粹主义者) and classical
liberals is most visible. Free-traders point to the undeniable good that tariff-free trade has done for consumers
across the world and to the observable alleviation of poverty in corners of the world where previously closed
markets have been opened up. Protectionists point to the domestic producers who’ve paid the price for this
globalized economy in the form of lost livelihoods and hollowed-out communities.
B. The ongoing conservative civil war often degenerates into content-free tribal warfare, but trade is a rare
exception. There are substantial, thought-out policy proposals on both sides of the argument.
C. Consequently, trade as a topic of discussion provides an opportunity for liberals and populists to have a real
meeting of minds. Fruitful debates might actually take place in this area, as opposed to the familiar ritual we’ve
become accustomed to of condemnation met with counter-condemnation.
D. Strange as it might sound, the problem with trade in the modern world isn’t a matter of dollars and cents. It’s a
matter of false consciousness. This observation is bound to set Marxist alarm bells ringing in the minds of
some readers, but it was first made by Alexis de Tocqueville in 1840.
E. Tracking the economic development of mankind from primitive to modern societies, Tocqueville observed a
paradox unfolding over the centuries as economic realities and human experience of those realities strayed
further and further from each other. In primitive societies, he notes, the division of labor was as yet
undeveloped for the most part, requiring each person, family, or tribe to be relatively independent when it came
to meeting their own basic material needs. Men built their own dwellings, farmed their own land, tended to
their own livestock. This is not to deny that basic forms of trade took place, but, for the most part, our
primitive ancestors lived fairly self-reliant, if crushingly poor, lives.
F. However, the exclusively local and face-to-face nature of economic and political organization in the ancient
and prehistoric worlds constantly impressed upon these primitive peoples the uncontrollable reality of others
and their needs. As Tocqueville notes, “as soon as a man begins to deal with common affairs in public, he
begins to perceive that he is not so independent of his fellow men as he had first imagined, and that in order to
obtain their support he must often lend them his cooperation.”
G. At the advent of the modern world, the division of labor spread further and further throughout society. Each
person became more and more dependent on others for their basic needs. And yet, robbed of the engagement
with our neighbors and with our local communities that our ancestors were forced into by circumstance, we
feel ourselves to be more and more independent of one another. As we become more and more dependent on
others, we become less and less conscious of our dependence on others. This is the paradox of trade in the
modern world.
There is scarcely a single commodity in any American household that isn’t dependent for its manufacture and
sale, through one supply chain or another, on scores of different people spread out across the entire globe. But
as Tocqueville already foresaw in 1840, we do not feel dependent on these strangers for our way of life. No
sense of the dependence of our own material welfare on their work ever strikes our national consciousness. We
rarely contemplate the globalized avenues of free trade with gratitude.
I. There are two reasons for this. The first, to put it bluntly, is money. Money allows us to purchase the work of
others without giving any thought to them as human beings. Unlike our ancestors in their primitive townships,
we rarely have to meet face-to-face the people who’ve invented, built, shipped, or supplied our goods. No
relationship has to be built before an exchange can take place. Simply agree on a price, and you can have any
goods you wish without taking a second thought for the human being involved on the other side of the
transaction. In this way, money makes us feel more independent than we actually are. Each of us senses the
hold that it has over our fellows. We know that if we bid highly enough we can buy ourselves out of the time-
consuming labor of building relationships. Money is kind of like magic in that way. It gives us a set of rituals
to perform and promises that if we do so we’ll be able to wield power over others. The illusion is created that
having enough money to buy something is the equivalent of knowing how to make it yourself. Gratitude for the
anonymous men and women who make up the supply chain rarely makes its way into our consciousness.
J. Anonymity, in fact, is the second root cause of the free-trade paradox. Modernity has emancipated everyone
from the limits of location and community. By and large, when we trade, we trade with strangers; when we
vote, we vote for strangers; when we watch, read, or listen to stories, the tellers of the tales are strangers. As
opposed to the ancestors Tocqueville compares us to, we do not know the people with whom we have to do, in
either the economic or the political sphere. This is simply the shadow side of the miracle of markets, which, for
the first time in history, have allowed strangers to look after each other. They’ve also allowed each of us to live
more and more of our lives exclusively as strangers to other people. This is how Tocqueville — rather
pessimistically — describes us: Each, standing apart, is like a stranger to the destiny of others; his children and
personal friends forming for him the entire human race. As for the remainder of his fellow citizens, he is beside
them, but he does not see them. He touches them, but he does not feel them. He exists only in and for himself.
K. The last sentence but one is as apt a summary as one could hope to come by of how each of us functions in the
modern economy: “He touches them, but he does not feel them.”
L. This is the greatest challenge facing defenders of free trade. It’s exceedingly difficult for human beings to feel
gratitude toward strangers, and the global marketplace that has made us so rich has also made us strangers to
one another. Our brains are hardwired for tribal life, and tribes do not take kindly to strangers. Impressing a
sense of dependence upon and gratitude toward foreign strangers is therefore an uphill task.
M. If free-traders are going to win policy arguments in the future, they’ll have to find a way of forging bonds of
affection between American consumers and foreign producers. Only by de-anonymizing the men and women
who supply us with the goods and services we enjoy from overseas and by creating a sense of solidarity and
relationship across borders that transcends economic interest can free trade win the day. Otherwise, the inborn
biological upper hand that protectionists have in the form of nationalist solidarity is bound to win the day at the
ballot box.
36. People became more and more reliant on others for basic needs as they entered the modern world even though
they might feel less so.
37. On the topic of trade, productive debates might be possible, in contrast to the familiar mutual condemnation in
discussing other issues.
38. We feel greater independence than we actually possess because money allows us to buy things without
building any relationships.
39. The trouble with today’s trade stems from misconceptions rather than money.
40. For their arguments to prevail, advocates of free trade must try to forge bonds of affection between consumers
46. What do numerous personality quizzes online claim they are able to do?
A. Distinguish between the two hemispheres of one’s brain.
B. Determine whether one is left-brained or right-brained.
C. Tell if one is more of a linguist or of a mathematician.
D. Ascertain how one’s brain performs different tasks.
47. What does the author say is sometimes stranger than fiction?
A. How one hemisphere of the brain impacts creativity.
B. How the two halves of our brains work alternately.
C. How the two hemispheres of our brains cooperate.
D. How one half of the brain dominates the other.
48. Why did many scientists have difficulty endorsing the idea that different areas of the brain do different things?
A. It contradicts the assumption that the two hemispheres of the brain are symmetrical.
B. It dismisses the view that the universe has been evolving in a consistent manner.
C. It is in conflict with the suggestion that the left and right halves of the brain work together.
D. It disrupts the idea that the right hemisphere of the brain controls the left side of the body.
49. What belief have neuroscientists long rejected according to the passage?
A. There are left-dominant people and right-dominant people with different personalities.
B. There are noticeable differences between the left and right hemispheres of the brain.
C. One’s personality is hardly related to the different halves of the brain.
D. Different areas of the brain are responsible for different activities.
A. Challenge its authority.
B. Scrutinize its originality.
C. Evaluate its popularity.
D. Question its reliability.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
One hundred thirty-five students, four teachers, one giant classroom: This is what 9th grade looks like at
Westwood High School, in Mesa, Arizona’s largest school system. There, an innovative teaching model has taken
hold, and is spreading to other schools in the district and beyond.
Five years ago, faced with high teacher turnover and declining student enrollment, Westwood’s leaders
decided to try something different. Working with professors at Arizona State University’s teachers college, they
piloted a classroom model known as team teaching, which allows teachers to dissolve the walls that separate their
classes across physical or grade divides.
The teachers share large groups of students — sometimes 100 or more — and rotate between group
instruction, one-on-one interventions, small study groups, or whatever the teachers as a team agree is a priority
that day. What looks at times like chaos is in fact a carefully orchestrated plan: Each morning, the Westwood
teams meet to hammer out a personalized program for every student the team will focus on that day.
By giving teachers more opportunity to collaborate, Mesa’s administrators hoped to fill staffing gaps and
boost teacher morale and retention. Initial research suggests the gamble could pay off.
“Teachers are doing fantastic things, but it’s very rare a teacher walks into another room to see what’s
happening,” said Andi Fourlis, superintendent of Mesa Public Schools. “Our profession is so slow to advance
because we are working in isolation.”
Of course, overhauling teaching approaches can’t fix all the frustrations teachers have, such as low pay, but
early results from Mesa show team teaching may be helping to reverse low morale. In a survey of hundreds of the
district’s teachers, researchers found those who worked on teams reported greater job satisfaction, more frequent
collaborations with colleagues, and more positive interactions with students.
Another benefit of teams, teachers say, is that they can help each other improve their instruction. During one
planning session, English teacher Jeff Hall shared a performance appraisal with a science teacher: Her recent
lecture on something she called “the central dogma of biology” had bewildered him and their other teammates.
“If the science is too confusing for me, can you imagine the frustration you feel as kids?” Hall said. But the
to work alone. Team teaching can also be a scheduling nightmare, especially at schools like Westwood where only
some staff work in teams. There are also thorny questions like how to evaluate four teachers on the performance
of 135 students. But for the time being, it seems to be working.
A. It is generally conducted in classrooms without walls.
B. It allows students to choose teachers they favor most.
C. It prioritizes peer work over classroom instruction.
D. It is closely coordinated despite seeming confusion.
52. What does initial research suggest regarding Westwood’s innovative teaching model?
A. It could help raise teachers’ pay.
B. It could turn out to be a success.
C. It could cut down overall costs.
D. It could end up like a gamble.
A. Morale cannot be boosted until teaching models are overhauled.
B. Teachers are simply too busy to visit classes of their colleagues.
C. Progress is slow due to lack of collaboration among teachers.
D. Teachers often do fantastic things without being noticed.
54. What does the author want to show by citing English teacher Jeff Hall’s experience?
A. English teachers and science teachers are complementary in performing their tasks.
B. A teacher of arts and letters is completely puzzled by what a science teacher teaches.
C. The new teaching model helps inform the teacher how their instruction is received.
D. Science teachers will hardly know the confusion they create without a performance appraisal.
55. What does the author think is one of the difficult problems in implementing the new teaching model?
A. What to do with teachers working alone.
B. What to include in teaching schedules.
C. How to recruit volunteers for a team.
D. How to assess each teacher’s performance.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
遨游太空历来是中华民族的梦想。2003 年，神舟五号飞船发射成功，杨利伟成为第一个飞入太空的中
国宇航员。2008 年，神舟七号升空，翟志刚成为中国历史上首位进行太空行走的宇航员。近年来，中国航
天进入创新发展“快车道”，太空基础设施建设稳步推进，中国空间站于 2022 年全面建成。中国航天事业的
迅速发展在中华民族的历史上写下了辉煌一页，也为人类文明进步做出了巨大贡献。未来，中国探索太空的
脚步将迈得更稳、更远。