2016年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
2016 年 12 月大学英语六级考试（第 2 套）
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on creation. Your essay should include the
importance of creation and measures to be taken to encourage creation. You are required to write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. They were proud of their cuisine.
C. They were all good at cooking.
D. They were fond of bacon and eggs.
2. A. His parents.
B. His friends.
C. His parents' friends.
D. His schoolmates.
3. A. No one of the group ate it.
B. It was a little overcooked.
C. No tea was served with the meal.
D. It was the real English breakfast.
4. A. It was full of excitement.
B. It was rather disappointing.
C. It was a risky experience.
D. It was really extraordinary.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. The woman's earnings over the years.
B. The key to running a shop at a low cost.
C. The business success of the woman's shop.
D. The woman's relationship with other shops.
6. A. Keep down its expenses.
B. Expand its business scale.
C. Improve its customer service.
D. Upgrade the goods it sells.
7. A. They are in great demand.
B. They are delivered free of charge.
C. They are very-popular with the local residents.
D. They are sold at lower prices than in other shops.
8. A. To maintain friendly relationships with other shops.
B. To avoid being put out of business in competition.
C. To attract more customers in the neighborhood.
D. To follow the custom of the local shopkeepers.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. They are on the verge of extinction because of pollution.
B. They carry plant seeds and spread them to faraway places.
C. They deliver pollutants from the ocean to their nesting sites.
D. They can be used to deliver messages in times of emergency.
10. A. They originate from Devon Island in the Arctic area.
B. They migrate to the Arctic Circle during the summer.
C. They have the ability to survive in extreme weathers.
D. They travel as far as 400 kilometers in search of food.
11. A. They had become more poisonous.
B. They were carried by the wind.
C. They poisoned some of the fulmars.
D. They were less than on the continent.
12. A. The effects of the changing climate on Arctic seabirds.
B. The harm Arctic seabirds may cause to humans.
C. The diminishing colonies for Arctic seabirds.
D. The threats humans pose to Arctic seabirds.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A. It has remained basically the same.
B. It has become better understood.
C. It has been exaggerated.

D. It has decreased.
14. A. It is now the second leading cause of death for centenarians.
B. It develops more easily in centenarians not actively engaged.
C. It calls for more intensive research.
D. It has had no effective cure so far.
15. A. They cherish their life more than ever.
B. Their minds fall before their bodies do.
C. Their quality of life deteriorates rapidly.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A, B, C and D Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. They form the basis on which he builds his theory of love.
B. They were carried out over a period of some thirty years.
C. They were done by his former colleague at Yale.
D. They are focused more on attraction than love.
17. A. The relationship cannot last long if no passion is involved.
B. It is not love if you don't wish to maintain the relationship.
C. Romance is just impossible without mutual understanding.
D. Intimacy is essential but not absolutely indispensable to love.
18. A. Whether it is true love without commitment.
B. Which of them is considered most important.
C. How the relationship is to be defined if any one is missing.
D. When the absence of any one doesn't affect the relationship.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. The history of social work.
B. Social work as a profession.
C. Academic degrees required of social work applicants.
D. The aim of the National Association of Social Workers.
20. A. They try to change people's social behavior.
B. They raise people's awareness of the environment.
C. They create a lot of opportunities for the unemployed.
G) Antarctica’s mineral, oil and gas wealth are a longer-term prize. The treaty banning mining here, shielding
coveted(令人垂诞的)reserves of iron ore, coal and chromium, comes up for review in 2048. Researchers recently
found kimberlite(金伯利岩) deposits hinting at the existence of diamonds. And while assessments vary widely,
geologists estimate that Antarctica holds at least 36 billion barrels of oil and natural gas.
H) Beyond the Antarctic treaties, huge obstacles persist to tapping these resources, like drifting icebergs that could
jeopardize offshore platforms. Then there is Antarctic’s remoteness, with some mineral deposits found in windswept
locations on a continent that is larger the Europe and where winter temperatures hover around minus 55 degrees
Celsius.
I) But advances in technology might make Antarctica a lot more accessible three decades from now. And even
before then, scholars warn, the demand for resources in an energy-hungry world could raise pressure to renegotiate
Antarctica’s treaties, possibly allowing more commercial endeavours here well before the prohibitions against them
expire. The research stations on King George lsland offer a glimpse into the long game on this ice-blanketed continent
as nations assert themselves, eroding the sway long held by countries like the United States, Britain. Australia and
New Zealand.
J) Being stationed in Antarctica involves adapting to life on the planet’s driest, windiest and coldest continent, yet
the 16 or so Russian speakers who spend the winter at the base, largely polar scientists in fields like glaciology and
operations in Antarctica. It opened its fourth station last year and is pressing ahead with plans to build a fifth. It is
building its second ice-breaking ship and setting up research drilling operations on an ice dome 13,422 feet above sea
level that is one the planet’s coldest places. Chinese officials say the expansion in Antarctica prioritises scientific
K) China’s newly renovated Great Wall Station on King George lsland makes the Russian and Chilean bases here
seem outdated. ”We do weather monitoring here and other research.” Ning Xu, 53, the chief of the Chinese base, said
over tea during a fierce blizzard(暴风雪) in late November. The large base he leads resembles a snowed-in college
campus on holiday break, with the capacity to sleep more than 10 times the 13 people who were staying on through
the Antarctic winter. Yong Yu, a Chinese microbiologist, showed off the spacious building, with empty desks under
an illustrated timeline detailing the rapid growth of China’s Antarctic operations since the 1980s “We now feel
equipped to grow,” he said.
L) As some countries expand operations in Antarctica, the United States maintains three year-round stations on the
continent with more than 1,000 people during the southern hemisphere’s summer, including those at the Amundsen
Scott station, built in 1956 at an elevation of 9,301 feet on a plateau at the South Pole. But US researchers quietly
Antarctica.
M) Scholars warn that Antarctica’s political drift could blur the distinction between military and civilian activities
long before the continent’s treaties come up for renegotiation, especially in parts of Antarctica that are ideal for
intercepting(拦截) signals from satellites or retasking satellite systems, potentially enhancing global electronic
intelligence operations.
N) Some countries have had a hard time here, Brazil opened a research station in 1984, but it was largely
destroyed by a fire that killed two members of the navy in 2012, the same year that a diesel-laden Brazilian barge sank
near the base. As if that were not enough. a Brazilian C-130 Hercules military transport plane has remained stranded
near the runway of Chile’s air base here since it crash-landed in 2014.
O) However, Brazil’s stretch of misfortune has created opportunities for China, with a Chinese company winning
the $100 million contract in 2015 to rebuild the Brazilian station.
P) Amid all the changes, Antarctica maintains its allure. South Korea opened its second Antarctic research base in
2014, describing it as a way to test robots developed by Korean researchers for use in extreme conditions. With
Russia’s help, Belarus is preparing to build this first Antarctic base. Colombia said this year that it planned to join
other South American nations with bases in Antarctica.
46. What do chain smokers think of cigarette packaging?
A) Fancy packaging can help to engage new smokers.
B) It has little to do with the quality or taste of cigarettes.
C) Plain packaging discourages non-smokers from taking up smoking.
D) It has little impact on their decision whether or not to quit smoking.
47. What has the UK government agreed to do concerning tobacco packaging?
A) Pass a law to standardise cigarette packaging.
B) Rid cigarette cartons of all advertisements.
C) Subsidise companies to adopt plain packaging.
D) Reclassify cigarettes according to packaging.
48. What has happened in Australia where plain packaging is implemented?
A) Premature death rates resulting from smoking have declined.
B) The number of smokers has dropped more sharply than in the UK.
C) The sales of tobacco substitutes have increased considerably.
D) Cigarette sales have been falling far more quickly than in the UK.
49. Why it taken so long for the UK government to consider plain packaging?
A) Prime Minister Cameron has been reluctant to take action.
B) There is strong opposition from veteran nicotine addicts.
C) Many Members of Parliament are addicted to smoking.
D) Pressure from tobacco manufacturers remains strong.
A) They fueled a lot of controversy.
B) They made more British people obese.
C) They attracted a lot of smokers.
D) They had certain ingredients missing.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
What a waste of money!In return for an averageof£44,000 of debt,students get an average of only 14 hours of
lecture and tutorial time a week in Britain. Annual fees have risen from£1,000 to $9,000 in the last decade. But contact
time at university has barely risen at all. And graduating doesn’t even provide any guarantee of a decent job:sixin ten
graduates today are in non-graduate jobs.
No wonder it has become fashionable to denounce many universities as little more that elaboratecom-tricks(骗术).
meaning that lower-paid graduals have to start repaying their loans, and maintenance grants have been replaced by
loans meaning that students from poorer backgrounds face higher debt than those with wealthier parents.
Yet it still pays to go to university. If going to university doesn’t work out, students pay very little—if any—of
their tuition fees back, you only start repaying when you are earning £21, 000 a year. Almost half of graduates—those
who go on to earn less—will have a portion of their debt written off. It’s not just the lectures and tutorials that are
important. Education is the sum of what students teach each other in between lectures and seminars. Students do not
merely benefit while at university, studies show they go on to be healthier and happier than non-graduates, and also far
more likely to vote.
Whatever your talents, it is extraordinarily difficult to get a leading job in most fields without having been to
university. Recruiters circle elite universities like vulturous(兀鹰). Many top firms will not even look at applications
from those who lack a 2.1, i.e., an upper-second class degree, from an elite university. Students at university also meet
those likely to be in leading jobs in the future, forming contacts for life. This might not be right, but school-leavers
Perhaps the reason why so many universities offer their students so little is they know studying at a top university
remains a brilliant investment even if you don’t learn anything .Studying at university will only become less attractive
if employers shift their focus away from where someone went to university—and there is no sign of that happening
anytime soon. School-leavers may moan, but they have little choice but to embrace university and the student debt that
comes with it.
51. What is the author’s opinion of going to university?
A) It is worthwhile after all.
B) It is simply a waste of time.
C) It is hard to say whether it is good or bad.
D) It is too expensive for most young people.
A) Few of them are satisfied with the jobs they are offered.
B) It usually takes a long time for them to find a decent job.
C) Graduates from elite universities usually can get decent jobs.
D) Most of them take jobs which don’t require a college degree.
53. What does the author say is important for university students besides classroom instruction?
A) Making sure to obtain an upper-second class degree.
B) Practical skills they will need in their future careers.
C) Interactions among themselves outside the classroom.
D) Developing independent and creative thinking abilities.
54. What is said to be an advantage of going to university?
A) Learning how to take risks in an ever-changing world.
B) Meeting people who will be helpful to you in the future.
C) Having opportunities of playing a leading role in society.
D) Gaining up-to-date knowledge in science and technology.
55. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
B) Few students are willing to bear the burden of debt incurred at university.
C) University education is becoming attractive to students who can afford it.
D) The prestige of the university influences employers’ recruitment decisions.
Part IV Translation (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
随着中国经济的蓬勃发展，学汉语的人数迅速增加，使汉语成了世界上人们最爱学的语言之一。近年来，
中国大学在国际上的排名也有了明显的提高。由于中国教育的巨大进步，中国成为最受海外学生欢迎的留学
目的地之一就不足为奇了。2015 年，近 40 万国际学生蜂拥来到中国市场。他们学习的科目不再限于中国语
言和文化，而包括科学与工程。在全球教育市场上，美国和英国仍占主导地位，但中国正在迅速赶上。