2021年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Young people spend a lot of time on the Internet. However, they are some times unable to
recognize false information on the Internet, judge the reliability of online information sources,
or tell real news stories from fake ones.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questionsl to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He was enjoying his holiday. C) He was busy writing his essays.
B) He was recovering in hospital. D) He was fighting a throat infection.
2. A) He broke his wrist. C) He slipped on ice and fell.
B) He lost his antibiotics. D) He was laughed at by some girls.
3. A) Tum to her father for help. C) Ask the manufacturer for repairs.
B) Call the repair shop to fix it. D) Replace it with a brand-new one.
4. A) Help David retrie ve his essays. C) Offer David some refreshments.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a critic of works on military affairs.
B) She is an acclaimed hostess of Book Talk.
C) She is a researcher of literary genres.
D) She is a historian of military history.
B) It is set in the 18th and 19th centuries.
C) It is her fifth book of military history.
D) It is a war novel set in the future.
7. A) She visited soldiers' wives and mothers.
B) She conducted surveys of many soldiers.
C) She met a large number of soldiers in person.
8. A) She doesn't have much freedom for imagination.
B) It is not easy to make her readers believe in her.
C) It is difficult to attract young readers.
D) She has to combine fact with fiction.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ.
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Santa Claus. C) Cocoa seeds.
B) A polar bear. D) A glass bottle.
10. A) To attract customer attention. C) To combat counterfeits.
B) To keep up with the times. D) To promote its sales.
11. A) It resembles a picture in the encyclopedia.
B) It appears in the shape of a cocoa seed.
C) It has the drink's logo in the middle.
D) It displays the image of Santa Claus.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12 . A) It often occurs among commuters. C) It improves their mood considerably.
B) It promotes mutual understanding. D) It takes a great deal of effort to sustain.
13 . A) Social anxiety. C) Lack of social skills.
B) Excessive caution. D) Preference for solitude.
14. A) People usually regard it as an unforgettable lesson.
B) Human brains tend to dwell on negative events.
C) Negative events often hurt people deeply.
D) People generally resent being rejected.
15 . A) Contagious.
Section C
B) Temporary. C) Unpredictable. D) Measurable.
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks foll owed by three
or f our questions. The recordin gs will be p layed only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the fou r choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ . Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sh ee t 1 with a single line th ro ugh the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It depends heavily on tourism. C) It is mainly based on agriculture.
B) It is flourishing in foreign trade. D) It relies chiefly on mineral export.
17. A)Tobacco. B) Bananas. C) Coffee. D) Sugar.

听力原文听力原文
B) They live a poor life. D) They hire people to do housework.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They will be more demanding of their next generation.
B) They will end up lonely, dependent and dissatisfied.
C) They will experience more setbacks than successes.
D) They will find it difficult to get along with others.
20. A) Failure to pay due attention to their behavior.
B) Unwillingness to allow them to play with toys.
C) Unwillingness to satisfy their wishes immediately.
D) Failure to spend sufficient quality time with them.
21. A) It will enable them to learn from mistakes.
B) It will help them to handle disappointment.
C) It will do much good to their mental health.
D) It will build their ability to endure hardships
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Failing to make sufficient preparations.
B) Looking away from the hiring manager.
C) Saying the wrong thing at the wrong time.
D) Making a wrong judgment of the interview.
C) E xaggerating their academic back ground.
D) Understating their previous achievements.
24. A)Those who have both skill and experience.
B) Those who get along well with colleagues.
C) Those who take initiative in their work.
D) Those who are loyal to their managers.
2 5. A) Ability to shoulder new responsibilities.
B) Experience of performing multiple roles.
C) Readiness to work to fle xible schedules.
D) Skills to communicate with colleagues.
Part III
R e ading Compre hension (40 minut es)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to sele ct one
word fo r each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fo llowing the passage. Re ad the
passage through c arefully bef ore making y our choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding le tter for each item on An swer Sheet 2 with a single
claims" labels, and they represent an emerging labeling trend that is detrimental both to the
consumers who purchase the products and the industry that supplies them.
For example, Runt's put a "non-GMO" label on its canned crushed tomatoes a few
years ago-despite the fact that at the time there was no such thing as a GMO tomato on
the market. Some dairy companies are using the "non-GMO" label on their milk, despite
the fact that all milk is naturally GMO-free, another label that creates unnecessary fear
around food.
may give a company a temporary marketing advantage over competing products on the
grocery aisle, in the long term this strategy will have just the opposite effect: by injecting
a single product, but the entire food business.
Eventually, it becomes a question in consumers, minds: Were these foods ever safe?
By purchasing and consuming these types of products, have I already done some kind of
harm to my family or the planet?
For food manufacturers, it will mean damaged consumer trust and lower sales for
everyone. And this isn't just supposition. A recent study found that absence claims labels
can create a stigma around foods even when there is no scientific evidence that they cause
harm.
It's clear that food manufacturers must tread carefully when it comes to using absence
claims. In addition to the likely negative long-term impact on sales, this verbal trick sends a
message that innovations in farming and food processing are unwelcome, eventually
leading to less efficiency, fewer choices for consumers, and ultimatel y, more costly food
products. If we allow this kind of labeling to continue, we will all lose.
51 . What trend has been observed in a report?
A) Food manufacturers, rising awareness of product safety.
B) Food manufacturers, changing strategies to bolster profits.
C) Consumers, growing demand for eye-catching food labels.
D) Consumers, increasing desire for clear product information.
52. What do es the author say is manufacturers new market in g strategy?
A) Stressing the absence of certain elements in their products.
B) Articulating the unique nutritional value of their products.
C) Supplying detailed information of their products.
D) Designing transparent labels for their products.
A) They are increasing ly attracting customers ' attention.
C) They should be used more for vegetables and milk.
54. What does the author say absence claims labels will do to food manufacturers?
A) Cause changes in their marketing strategies.
B) Help remove stigma around their products.
C) Erode consumer trust and reduce sales.
D) Decrease support from food scientists.
55. What does the author suggest food manufacturers do?
A) Take measures to lower the cost of food products.
C) Welcome new innovations in food processing.
D) Promote efficiency and increase food variety.
Part IV Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
tOOA?~ J- ~½OO~*k½½hl~r~~*~$ 76 ½, ¼- ~~~~~ ~Aft~ ,
J!r1920ij:- ;;fko 192147 JJ 23 El, tOOA ?~J - ,k½001\*k½-tf.i1:t,g-ff- , k½ ifil. .i:t.T
tOOA?~~--+~~~ - -+ ~~ . ~~?±Tt~~* ~ ¼, ~ ½TtOOA ?~ ~ M
± o 1%2 4 9 Jl, tA-k½hl*1, Jt~~~~*~~-ff-~o~~~~T¼m • ~-k~