2022年12月英语六级真题(第2套)
2022 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 2 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “In an era of
information explosion, it is vitally important to develop the ability to think critically and make rational choices.”
You can make statements, give reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension ( 30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. Prioritizing happiness over money.
B. Joining the club to get her new book.
C. Managing one’s personal finances wisely.
D. Consuming more only when earning more
2. A. She was in debt.
B. She was a financial adviser.
C. She earned $30,000 a month.
D. She enjoyed a happy life.
3. A. It reflects one’s earning power.
B. It varies with one’s environment.
C. It mirrors one’s sense of wellbeing.
D. It changes with one’s goals in life.
4. A. It would give him more time to be with his loved ones.
B. It would be good for those who value relationships.
C. It would mean major sacrifices for him.
D. It would deprive him of his individuality.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. It was the artist’s first landscape.
B. It was a painting by Christopher.
C. It was donated by the artist herself.
D. It was displayed at a retirement party.
6. A. It was the painting that instantly made her rich.
B. It has cost him a lot of money to purchase it.
C. It was recently purchased by the gallery.
D. It is owned by an anonymous collector.
7. A. It reflects her emotions.
B. It contains ample details.
C. It appears perfectly symmetrical.
D. It depicts the beauty of desolation.
8. A. She is eccentric like any other artist.
B. She is a very nice and intelligent artist.
C. She is as lucky as any acclaimed artist.
D. She is one of the most productive artists.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. It is vital to one’s mental health.
B. It leads to reconciliation and peace.
C. It promotes interpersonal relationship.
D. It keeps one from traumatic experience.
10. A. When the offender has power over the victim.
B. When the offender is not willing to apologize.
C. When the offender is not duly penalized
D. When the offender adds insult to injury.
11. A. Talk with the offender calmly.
B. Accept the offender’s apology.
C. Find out why he committed the offense.
D. Determine how serious the offense was.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. The number of passengers dropped sharply.
B. It served more and more commuters.
C. The number of stations increased to 50.
D. It became the longest in the United Kingdom.
13. A. To increase capacity to meet growing needs.
B. To make way for other means of transport.
C. To have its systems modernised.
D. To avoid further financial losses.
14. A. It is generally recognised as a world heritage site.
B. It is the fastest way to reach the city’s south side.
C. It constitutes a source of revenue for the city.
D. It helps reduce traffic jams in the city centre.
15. A. They are usually crowded.
B. They use high-tech systems.
C. They accept smartcards only.
D. They are colourfully decorated.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. They are quite friendly to humans.
B. They are shrinking in numbers.
C. They are unafraid of humans.
D. They are especially fond of garbage.
17. A. It is strictly forbidden.
B. It is an uncommon sight.
C. It is a gesture of human generosity.
D. It is allowed only in certain areas.
18. A. Share their food with the bear they see.
B. Be prepared to run into a hungry bear.
C. Try to be friendly with the bear they meet.
D. Refrain from teasing bears with cubs.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. It refers to opinions that are radical and widespread.
B. It means making judgments without adequate knowledge.
D. It means sticking to one’s judgments even when proved wrong.
20. A. They often lead to war between religious groups.
B. They keep certain occupations from thriving.
C. They allow myths and half-truths to persist.
D. They prevent us from getting to the truth.
21. A. When we start to feel superior.
B. When we mix with prejudiced people.
C. When we live in an isolated neighborhood.
D. When we try to keep up with those around us.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. Motivated. B. Disappointed. C. Perplexed. D. Shocked.
23. A. They would change with the passage of time.
B. They would benefit young people’s adult life.
C. They would help kids grow.
D. They would last a lifetime

听力原文听力原文
24. A. He had become mature.
B. He suffered poor health.
C. He had lots of stories to tell.
D. He regretted leaving Vietnam.
25. A. Make friends with his students.
B. Show his students how to do their best.
C. Help his students get through the growing pains.
D. Share his personal experience with his students.
Part III Reading Comprehension ( 40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The task of the global strategist of a business is to build a platform of capabilities derived from the
resources, experiences and innovations of units operating in multiple locations, to transplant those capabilities
wherever 26 , and then to systematically upgrade and renew them — ahead of the competition.
Apple is an outstanding case of a company whose unique capabilities give it a worldwide 27
advantage, particularly with respect to its ability to build platforms from a product base that integrates
functional and 28 design. Apple has been able to leverage and exploit its California-based design and
marketing advantages successfully throughout the world. IKEA is another such case. The do-it-yourself
furniture and houseware company first developed a compelling set of capabilities to design, manufacture and
29 furniture at low cost and sell it in a novel way in Sweden. Later, IKEA successfully 30 this formula in
many other countries.
By contrast, Telefónica, a Spanish telecommunications company that is now the world’s fifth largest
telecom by 31 , first developed its special advantage abroad. In 1989 and 1990, Telefónica had the
opportunity to enter Chile and Argentina, countries that shared many institutional and cultural characteristics
American countries that were privatizing their state telecoms and deregulating their telecom markets.
These examples might lead the reader to believe that creating a global advantage is an easy task. But many
other 33 of expensive failed experiments suggest that creating a lasting global advantage actually requires
a great deal of 34 and operational finesse (技巧). Our research suggests that global winners typically
create and sustain their international presence through a systematic process of 35 , renewing and enhancing
their core capabilities.
A. aesthetic
B. appropriate
C. clusters
D. competitive
E. exploiting
F. fiscal
G. instances
H. rehabilitated
I. reproduced
J. revenues
K. safeguarding
L. ship
M. strategic
N. transcend
O. undergoing
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by
marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
C. They claim it will eliminate economic distress among college students.
D. They think the cost of education is the responsibility of the government.
47. What do we learn from the Federal Reserve data?
A. Approximately 60% of student debt remains unpaid.
B. Cancelling student debt benefits wealthy families most.
C. Forgiving student debt provides little benefit to universities.
D. Low-income families owe the biggest amount of student debt.
48. What does the author say students are likely to do if they know they needn’t repay their loans?
A. They will choose to study subjects without considering their job prospects.
B. They will be free to pursue their goals without being burdened financially.
C. They will over-borrow and live beyond their means.
D. They will be able to enroll in expensive universities.
A. They cannot get away with the serious consequences.
B. They have suffered greatly from the current pandemic.
C. The tuition they charge is not justified by the quality of their service.
D. The tuition they charge has surged outrageously during the pandemic.
50. What will happen if any of the proposed student debt plans is implemented?
A. Plumbers and retail workers will have a chance of becoming professionals.
B. Working-class students will have increasing access to subsidized education.
C. Blue-collar workers will have to bear the cost of educating would-be high-earners.
D. A growing number of students will be able to earn degrees in medicine and law.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
If there’s one rule that most parents cling to in the confusing, fast-changing world of kids and media, it’s
“No screens before age 2.”
As of today, that rule has been thrown out the window.
The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), which first issued that recommendation back in 1999, has
extensively updated and revised its guidelines for children and adolescents to reflect new research and new
habits.
The new guidelines, especially for very young children, shift the focus from WHAT is on the screen to
media.
For babies younger than 18 months, AAP still says no screens at all are the best idea — with one notable
exception: Live video chat. Surveys indicate that families already popularly believe that “Face time doesn’t
count”, or at least that the benefit of virtual visits with grandparents or other relatives outweighs the potential
cost of exposing babies to the laptop or smartphone.
The AAP doesn’t cite positive evidence that infants actually get something out of this kind of
“conversation”, the way that they clearly do from live social interaction. But there’s some observational
research that infants as young as six months old are emotionally engaged by playing live peekaboo (躲猫猫游
戏) with Grandma online.
For infants and toddlers (学步儿童), ages 15 months to 2 years old, there’s limited evidence from a couple
of very small studies that they can learn new words from educational media, if and only if parents are watching
alongside them, repeating what the video says and/or drawing attention to what is on the screen. In other words,
treating a video or an app like a picture book is the best bet.
The flip side of this is that many studies have actually shown poorer language skills correlated with earlier
solo viewing of “educational” videos. There’s also research that shows language delays in children who watch
more TV and start watching earlier. In both cases, the problem seems to be media replacing interaction with
people. For this reason, the new AAP guideline has changed from “avoid all screens under age 2” to “avoid solo
media use in this age group.”
For preschoolers ages 2 to 5, there’s more evidence that they have the ability to transfer knowledge from
screens to the real world, including early literacy and math. For this age group, AAP recommends no more than
an hour a day of screen use. And, just as with younger children, they want care-givers to take part in screen time:
“Co-view with your children, help children understand what they are seeing, and help them apply what they
learn to the world around them.”
A. It has met more and more resistance from parents.
B. It has proved helpful to children’s healthy growth.
C. It confuses parents with regard to kids’ education.
D. It has been discarded in line with recent research.
52. What do the new AAP guidelines advocate?
A. Young children should be accompanied by parents during screen time.
B. Parents should be emotionally involved in their children’s upbringing.
C. Young children should watch videos carefully selected by parents.
D. Parents should protect their children from too much media exposure.
53. What do families think of live video chat according to surveys?
A. It should not be regarded as screen time.
B. It helps babies to develop their verbal skills.
C. It is not as harmful as playing games on laptops.
D. It is a good substitute for video viewing.
A. It arouses their interest in language learning.
B. It works no better than reading picture books.
C. It hampers their development of language skills.
D. It helps them acquire independent learning skills.
A. They can understand pretty well what they see on the screen.
B. They can learn on their own without much parental guidance.
C. They can make use of educational videos to develop digital literacy.
D. They can relate what they learn on the screen to real life situations.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation ( 30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
黄土高原 (the Loess Plateau）是中国第三大高原，面积约 60 万平方公里，平均海拔 1000 — 2000 米，
绝大部分覆盖着 50 — 80 米厚的黄土，是世界上黄土分布最集中、覆盖厚度最大的区域。这是大自然创
造的一个奇迹，在世界上也是绝无仅有的。
黄土高原是中华民族的发祥地之一。早在 5500 年前，人们就已经在黄土高原上开始农耕。随着农
耕业的持续发展，黄土高原人口不断增加，在秦汉时期就成为中国的政治和经济中心。如今，随着西部
大开发战略的实施，黄土高原地区的经济得到了迅速发展。