2025年12月英语六级真题(第3套)
2025 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 3 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Living in an
increasingly competitive world, college students should better prepare themselves to confront various challenges.”
You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
提示：2025 年 12 月六级全国只考两套听力，本套听力内容与第一二套相同，故本套未重复显示。
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It’s best to think of an accent as a distinct, systematic and rule-governed way of speaking. Accent is not
a 26 for dialect, but it’s related. Dialect is an umbrella term for the way a community pronounces words,
creates words, and orders words; accent refers to that first part only.
Many 27 presume that there is a single standard way of speaking in each country, with one single
standard accent, and that this perceived standard is 28 the best form of speech, but linguists (语言学家) often
point out that the concept of a standard accent is better understood as an ideal rather than a 29 . In other words,
no one speaks “standard English”; rather, it is an imagined way of using language that exists only in grammar and
style books.
One reason linguists agree there is no one true standard is that, through the years, there have been 30
supposed standards, depending on time and place. The standard for English in British newsreels (新闻片) from
the 1950s, for example, differs greatly from the standard found on American national news broadcasts today. In
fact, there has never been a single standard that’s been fully agreed upon — and broadcast outlets across
the 31 have never consistently held to those standards anyway.
Even so, this idea of a standard accent is 32 and many workplace and educational environments
perpetuate the idea that accents that 33 from the current standard are less appropriate, or even inappropriate.
Scholars have found that southern US accent features are more accepted in 34 such as government, law
and service-oriented workplaces, but less accepted in the technology sector. The acceptability of nonstandard
accents may 35 with differences in class and culture, with newer or higher prestige industries expecting more
standard speech in the workplace.
A. affix
B. correlate
C. deviate
D. domains
E. influential
F. inherently
G. laymen
H. multiple
I. properties
J. reality
K. reciprocally
L. specimen
M. spectrum
N. synonym
O. unanimous
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The History and Meaning of Colored Traffic Lights
A. Timed traffic lights are set according to schedules that are supposed to coordinate with peak traffic hours. Cities
need to monitor and update signal light time schedules at least every two years to keep these systems effective.
In Los Angeles, California, an ambitious project to go a step further and synchronize (使同步) every red light
in Los Angeles cost over 400 million dollars. Ask a resident of the city and they are likely to agree that saving
time on the road is well worth it. If implemented nationwide, synchronization could shave 10% off traffic
congestion ( 堵 塞 ) and 20% off air pollution. Congestion costs time, money, and lives. Big data can help
improve how millions of people safely share the road. However, none of this would be possible without the
traffic light!
B. The first traffic light was invented in London in the 1860’s, but it was hardly recognizable — or effective. It had
been adapted from the railroad signal system by a railway manager, John Peak Knight, in 1868. The railroads
used red gas lights at night to signal stops and green gas lights during the daytime. Knight installed a similar gas
light, semaphore (臂板信号) system near London’s Westminster Bridge in December of 1868.
C. The life of the first traffic light signal was short-lived. A gas leak caused one of the signal lights to explode on its
police officer operator within a month of being installed.
D. Automating traffic signals stalled after the London incident. Forty years passed before cars crowding city streets
urged the development of traffic lights in the United States. London would not see another traffic light until
1929.
E. The United States is a car culture like no other country. Unlike most European cities that started urban planning
when horses were high-tech, many cities in the United States were designed around urban sprawl, suburban
tracts, and motor cars.
F. As traffic and cities grew, so did the race to solve growing traffic problems. The first traffic signals were
semaphores. Semaphores are towers with moving arms signaling for traffic to stop or go. They could be manual
or automatic. There was no consistent design. Various models were invented and put into place in cities as the
need arose.
G. In 1912, Lester Wire was a police officer exhausted by traffic at Main Street and 200 South. He developed a
manually switched stop light. The four-sided box, raised on a ten-foot pole, looked like a birdhouse and was
operated manually by an officer. The officer would flip a switch to change between the dipped red and green
lights.
H. Like the 1910 semaphore, the first electric signal used words. However, the words were no longer written on
arms that raised and fell. The words “stop” or “move” were on lights. The posts lit up on each of four corner-
posts around an intersection (十字路口). It was not automated, though. A booth with an operator was required
to flip the switches.
I. The system allowed police officers to move from the middle of the street to a corner. From that vantage (有利地
位), an officer could oversee the crowd. If an emergency vehicle came, the officer could flip a switch and clear
the intersection by triggering all red lights. The emergency vehicle could now pass effortlessly. Finally, in San
Francisco the first red and green electric light system that could be operated automatically (or manually) was
introduced in 1917.
J. In 1920, the first three-color light system was introduced in Detroit — also known as Motor City, USA. The
evolution of traffic light signals could not have a more appropriate context than Motor City. Ford Motor
Company was founded in Detroit in 1903 (and other motor companies followed). Ford made cars affordable for
more common people, rather than the wealthy, by creating larger scale factory production.
K. Stop and go were insufficient for the new volumes of cars zooming through intersections. Streets were full of
new numbers of cars in addition to delivery wagons, bustling crowds, bicycles, horse-drawn carriages, and
street cars. The introduction of the cautionary yellow light helped increase driver safety, decreasing accidents
that come from running red lights.
L. Stop lights were incredibly important in chaotic city streets. Crosswalks weren’t even introduced until 1951.
The first pedestrian fatality in the United States was in 1899.
M. The development of the modern traffic light may have started in London, but it grew up in the United States. In
Cleveland, an African-American inventor named Garrett Morgan came up with an affordable, patented traffic
signal. The yellow light made intersections safer than the old stop and go system. The new design was
inexpensive enough that it allowed the installation of a lot more lights.
N. Morgan sold the patent to General Electric — and the spread of the traffic light was green lighted. Green
means go. It is that simple, but it’s still best to check both ways for oncoming traffic that may not be paying
attention or is running the light. Yellow means slow down and prepare to stop. It does not mean full-throttle (全
速) ahead. While you may get away with gunning it into the intersection, running a yellow can lead to tickets
and dangerous accidents. Red lights are a clear and consistent warning to stop. Even where right turns are
allowed on red lights, you must come to a complete stop before turning right. You must also yield to any through
traffic, which has the right of way. In most states and cities, you can take a right on red unless otherwise
indicated. New York City does not allow a right on red.
O. Red arrows mean you cannot turn right on a red in most states. The green arrow, in these cases, is the only time
you can make the turn. However, you can take a right on a red arrow after a full stop in the states of Illinois,
Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, Utah,
Washington State and Wyoming.
P. Flashing Red is the same as a stop sign, generally used at four-way intersections where there is minimal traffic.
When arriving at a flashing red light, make a full and complete stop. Flashing Red Arrows similarly mean to
stop and then proceed to take the turn. Flashing Yellow lights mean yield or signal caution, like outside of a
fire station. There are no all-direction flashing yellow lights, since it is prohibited in the United States. If you
have a flashing yellow light, you are to yield to oncoming traffic.
Q. Flashing Yellow Arrows are part of a four-signal traffic light. These are used in some states after a protected
green turn signal, or arrow, but before a steady yellow arrow. When a flashing yellow arrow is shown, you can
take the turn after yielding to pedestrians and traffic. Steady Yellow Arrows maintain the normal yellow light
caution in three-light signals, meaning to stop or prepare to stop. In a four-signal system that has a flashing
Vehicles should stop if safely possible. Traffic tickets are possible for running a steady yellow arrow.
R. Traffic light meaning is fairly consistent across the board with various deviations. Green means it’s safe to
proceed (though you should still exercise caution). Yellow means caution and yield. Red means danger and stop.
Always drive defensively and obey traffic signals.
36. Upon seeing a flashing yellow arrow, a driver should let pedestrians and traffic pass first before taking the turn.
37. The red and green automatic traffic light system originated in an American city.
38. Residents of an American city tend to share the opinion that time saved on the road justifies the cost of
upgrading its traffic light system.
A. It triggers our mind to reflect on past experiences or anticipate future events.
B. It focuses our attention on the present moment without making judgments.
C. It concentrates our mind on our personal feelings, happy or scary.
D. It helps our mind to stay calm when facing judgments from others.
47. What do we see in today’s “attention economy” according to Jenny Odell?
A. Focus on technological advances continuously updates products and services.
B. People’s attention is turned into something that can be bought and sold.
C. Businesses profit from selling mobile phones and revolutionizing social media.
D. People tend to purchase products and services without careful thinking.
48. What happens with the prevalent use of mobile phones or social media?
A. They keep distracting users from the here and now.
B. They render users incapable of resisting temptation.
C. They rob users of their ability to observe experience.
D. They tempt users to endorse the attention economy.
49. What benefit can practicing mindfulness bring to us according to some scholars?
B. It shifts our attention from material things to spiritual pursuits.
C. It is conducive to our forging better interpersonal relationships.
D. It is helpful in regaining our ability to enjoy what we have in life.
50. What does the author suggest we do in another person’s presence?
A. Share each other’s experience frankly and compassionately.
B. Pay full attention to establishing close relationships with them.
C. Be attentive listeners while refraining from making judgments.
D. Remind them of the distraction from mobile phones and social media.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
it needed to check I wasn’t a robot and so set me a Captcha test to determine whether the user is a person or a
machine.
I was presented with an image of a roadside scene over which was laid a grid. My “challenge” was to click on
each cell in the grid that contained a traffic sign. I did so, a bit irritated. Then I was presented with another image
and another grid — also with a request to identify road signs. Like a lamb, I complied, after which the website
accepted my input.
And then I realised what I had been doing was adding to a dataset for training the machine-learning software
that guides self-driving cars. So, to gain access to an automated service that will benefit financially from my input,
I first have to do some unpaid labor to help improve the performance of autonomous vehicles.
Neat, eh? But note also the delicious additional irony that the Captcha is described as an “automated Turing
test”. The Turing test was conceived, you may recall, as a way of enabling humans to determine whether a machine
could respond in such a way that one couldn’t tell whether it was a human or a robot. So we have wandered into a
world in which machines make us do tricks to prove that we are humans!
The strangest aspect of this unparalleled shift is how under-discussed it has been. The metaphor of the boiling
frog comes to mind. Have we become so subtly conditioned by digital technology that we don’t see what’s been
happening to us? Have we been conditioned to accept a world governed by “smart” tech, trading convenience to the
point where we become a bit like machines ourselves?
In a recent startling and thoughtful book, two scholars — Brett Frischmann, a law professor, and Evan
Selinger, a philosopher — argue that the answer to that question is “yes”.
tools shape us. Technology is supposed to provide tools that serve human ends. But, as the machine-learning
Captcha demonstrates, a significant proportion of digital tech now sees (and uses) humans as means to ends that
are not ours. In the process, they reduce us to the status of cheery rats running on treadmills (踏车) designed by
people who do not have our interests at heart. So back to the frog metaphor. Are we smart enough to jump out
before it’s too late? You don’t even have to Google it to know the answer.
51. How did the author respond to the Captcha test?
A. He clicked on the cells randomly.
B. He accepted the challenge readily.
C. He completed it confidently.
D. He worked on it submissively.
A. A machine can respond to the test as well as humans do.
B. A machine can outperform humans in object identification.
C. A test designed to test machines is now used by machines to test humans.
D. A test conceived to tell a human from a robot can now do tricks humans can’t.
53. Why does the author use the metaphor of the boiling frog?
A. To show that humans are unwilling to trade convenience for control by smart tech.
B. To show that humans are unaware of the potential danger brought by smart tech.
C. To question whether humans are conditioned to accept digital tech.
D. To question whether humans are as vulnerable as the boiling frog.
54. Why does the author think that Brett Frischmann and Evan Selinger are right?
A. A large part of digital tech is now making use of humans to meet its own ends.
B. Humans are now fast locked in a race against digital tech to control the world.
C. Digital tech can serve human needs in ways previously thought impossible.
D. Digital tech is now doing thinking while humans are doing repetitive work.
55. What does the author imply by asking “Are we smart enough to jump out before it’s too late?” at the end of the
passage?
A. It is not sensible to expect digital tech to take humans’ interest to heart.
B. It is hard to say whether technology or humans will get the upper hand.
C. We may have to search the web to get the answer to the question.
D. We may not awake in time to the danger digital tech poses to us.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
节俭 (frugality) 是中华民族的传统美德。在中国古代，生产力低下，先人们深知劳动成果来之不易，因
而秉持节俭的理念。到了物质极大丰富的今天，中国人民依然坚持节俭的生活方式，体现了理性消费的生
活理念和对劳动的尊重。近年来，中国政府持续加强节约型社会的建设，倡导“光盘行动”，减少食物浪费，
提倡简约低碳的生活方式，推进资源循环利用，反对过度消费。节约型社会的建设有力地推动了中国经济
的高质量发展。