2025年12月英语六级真题(第1套)
2025 年 12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第 1 套）
Part I
我的作文
Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “While striving
for the Chinese Dream, young people enjoy more opportunities to realize their self-worth.” You can make comments,
cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
播放听力
Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four
questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A. He has distinguished himself in foreign service.
B. He is his country’s ambassador to Winopia.
C. He is currently an electrical engineer.
D. He craves attention from the media.
2. A. A government reshuffle.
B. A fundamental reform.
C. Some sort of political reorientation.
D. Some sort of crisis of legitimacy.
3. A. All diplomats have more or less similar stories to tell.
B. It is a prerequisite to get some practice in diplomacy.
C. Different people can take different paths.
D. It is a must to first obtain a law degree.
4. A. Key skills required of a diplomat.
B. The making of an expert diplomat.
C. Diplomatic discourse and rhetoric.
D. Contributions by diplomatic envoys.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A. They have got their work done.
B. They both look tired
C. They can meet again tomorrow anyway.
6. A. The board members’ insufficient support.
B. Two months devoted to the same contract.
C. Working two months without any progress.
D. The man’s long concentration on the project.
7. A. Unprofessional. B. Inspirational. C. Exceptional. D. Delusional.
8. A. Fewer rectifications of the contract.
B. More support from the board members.
C. The early implementation of the project.
D. The alignment of all sections of the contract.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the
best answer from the four choices marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A. When two employees propose contrary solutions to their dispute.
B. When two employees are directed by their respective manager.
C. When two people behave in an apparently clashing manner.
D. When two people tell different stories of the same event.
10. A. How it got resolved.
B. How it happened.
D. When it was settled.
11. A. They intervened promptly lest their dispute escalate.
B. They tried to ascertain the actual facts of the matter.
D. They persuaded them to put their conflict aside.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A. Dine out daily.
B. Budget sensibly.
C. Enjoy cooking.
D. Shop at groceries.
13. A. Shopping.
B. Sewing.
C. Entertaining oneself.
D. Fashion designing.
14. A. Satisfy their taste.
B. Cut down expenses.
C. Eat more healthily.
D. Cultivate new hobbies.
15. A. People’s intense focus on convenience.
B. People’s deteriorating family finances.
C. People’s strong aversion to junk foods.
D. People’s increasing dislike of cooking.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The
recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A, B, C and D. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A. Its owner’s flight is delayed because of bad weather.
B. Airlines cannot find its owner without an ID tag on it.
C. Airline staff have not correctly coded its destination tag.
D. Its owner has forgot to pick it up from the baggage claim.
17. A. Its tag may get torn off on the conveyor belt.
B. Its tag may get stuck in the sorting machine.
C. It may be sent to a wrong destination.
D. It may be picked up by someone else.
18. A. Purchase irretrievably lost things at auction.
B. Contact the airport staff to find our missing bag.
C. Get the airline agent’s phone number before boarding.
D. Avoid packing valuable items in our checked baggage.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A. It can be behaviorally hazardous.
B. It can be especially disappointing.
C. It can be socially harmful.
D. It can be really embarrassing.
20. A. They considered it inevitable.
B. They held a negative view towards it.
C. They were concerned with its effects.
D. They saw it as a sign of social evolution.
21. A. Elaborate forms of social contact.
B. Ill effects on one’s sense of pride.
C. Poor relationships with others.
D. Vicious cycles of detachment.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A. The ill treatment they get as tourists.
B. The nonprofessional business they see.
C. The impersonal accommodations.
D. The many adventures on their way.

听力原文听力原文
23. A. They have been the classic way to visit Europe.
B. They attract tourists with location and decoration.
C. They have long been competing with chain hotels.
D. They are in fact a completely new idea in America.
24. A. Your financial status.
B. Your family’s consent.
C. Your property.
D. Your personality.
25. A. Costs for starting the business.
B. The number of guests to receive.
C. The facilities to provide.
D. Opportunities for income.
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a
list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your
choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
By now, it is generally accepted that regular exercise comes with an assortment of health benefits for people
who maintain the habit over time. But is it 26 too late to start?
New research looked at people who increased their exercise levels after their 40s beyond levels they had
when they were younger and those individuals showed declines in their risk of early 27 which were similar to
those of people who exercised consistently throughout their lives. This was a 28 of 32% to 35% compared
to people who did not exercise. Those who began exercising in middle age also saw reductions in their incidence
of 29 diseases, such as heart disease and cancer, which were similar to the steady exercisers.
So why bother exercising consistently throughout your life? The authors of the study 30 that some might
interpret the study’s findings to mean that they can delay starting an exercise program but this would be a mistake.
There are other benefits, both mental and physical, to staying consistently active that we should not 31 .
These real health benefits include better 32 functioning and lowered risk of gaining weight. The latter
is 33 important given the global obesity epidemic. In addition, experts assert that starting younger is better
because, if you make a habit of exercising when you are young, you are more likely to keep up those 34 later
in life. It is ideal, then, for people to start exercising when they are children or 35 , and it is good to maintain an
active lifestyle at all times regardless of your age. However, this study does indicate that, if you have not been
active, you can still benefit if you start becoming active in your 40s and 50s.
A. adolescents
B. arbitrarily
C. chronic
D. cognitive
E. concede
F. disregard
G. drop
H. ever
I. maneuver
J. mortality
K. particularly
L. patterns
M. refute
N. stereotype
O. vocal
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains
information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may
choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
46. What often happens when people are eager to pursue individual success?
A. They lack a shoulder to cry on.
B. They have no soul to confide in.
C. They cannot find reliable friends.
D. They ignore their ties with friends.
47. What does the author advise people to do in their pursuit of radical individualism?
A. Reexamine its detrimental effects.
B. Shrug off the loss of their loved ones.
C. Avoid the chaos and turmoil involved.
D. Remove aggressive obstacles in the way.
48. What is American society’s assumption of personal achievement?
A. It is to be duly celebrated and highly commended.
B. It is a sure way to fulfill a person’s dream.
C. It revolves around an individualistic culture.
D. It reflects a person’s exceptional endeavor.
49. What is preached in many success stories?
A. Attaching importance to academic gains on the road to success.
B. Investing one’s time in work instead of connecting with friends.
C. Trying to strengthen friendships in one’s pursuit of personal success.
D. Excelling in academic performance to get into a prestigious college.
50. What can we infer from the passage regarding the pursuit of success?
A. No one can succeed without pushing limits.
B. No one can afford to neglect close friends.
C. Collectivism is superior to individualism.
D. Success experts often lead people to ruin.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
During his acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize, Martin Luther King Jr. said, “I believe that unarmed
truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.”
More than five decades later, our society is still struggling to separate truth from fantasy, fact from fiction.
battle for equity is at the heart of these vital conversations.
Study after study shows that inequity has had appalling consequences. A 2020 report by Citi indicated that
“Black students could have increased their lifetime incomes $90 – $113 billion” if equity issues related to higher
education had been adequately addressed over the past two decades.
This statistic represents a flood of issues we’ve failed to confront as a nation. It also highlights one truth:
We’re missing out on valuable opportunities to bridge the differences that divide us. However, by honoring King’s
legacy, we can get our country back on the path toward true equity.
Students — and adults for that matter — simply cannot understand the conflicts we have today without
understanding what caused them in the first place. That means we have a responsibility to help them make
connections between US history and current events. It also means giving them the tools they need to address
inequity and bias in their own lives. Adherence to these principles, along with a commitment to truthful dialogue,
can help every student better appreciate how far we’ve come and more clearly see the roads we have yet to travel.
With more truthful analysis of the need for more qualified, diverse educators, we can improve our recruiting,
training, and retention strategies for schools across the country.
Unfortunately, our deeply rooted divisions are delaying these advancements. A recent survey found that 77
percent of Americans believe the nation is “more divided than ever before”. But reports of increased polarization
shouldn’t persuade us to look away from one another. Instead, they should compel us to address our shared issues
head-on.
We are not, as some would suggest, living in a “post-racial society”. We simply cannot afford to keep our
these social diseases impact the ways we treat one another, injustice will continue to haunt us. But our children and
our grandchildren deserve better.
On this Martin Luther King Day and beyond, let’s commit to working together to disrupt the status quo. Let’s
continue to build a better, more inclusive nation; and in the words of Martin Luther King Jr., “A society at peace
with itself, a society that can live with its conscience.”
A. It is struggling to transform fiction into reality.
B. It has been the focus of many vital conversations.
C. It still has a long way to go before equity can be truly realized.
D. It has got to a point where people disagree on nearly every issue.
A. They have been unfairly treated regarding higher education.
B. They have been battling hard to address equity issues.
C. They have boosted their lifetime incomes by billions of dollars.
D. They have come to see the consequences of racial discrimination.
53. How can Americans bridge the differences that divide them?
A. By dealing with the thorny issues confronting them.
B. By seizing every chance to enhance racial harmony.
C. By continuing to pursue Martin Luther King Jr.’s cause.
D. By striving to identify exceedingly valuable opportunities.
54. How do most Americans view America as a nation according to a recent survey?
A. It is compelled to address its historical social issues.
B. It is delaying advancements toward racial equality.
C. It has kept itself from polarization.
D. It has become increasingly split.
55. What does the author suggest Americans do?
A. Ensure the well-being of their children and grandchildren.
B. Make joint efforts to tackle the nation’s equity issues.
C. Restrain their intolerance and discrimination.
D. Restore social order for a harmonious nation.
Part IV
我的翻译
翻译范文
Translation (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should
write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
尊老是中华民族的传统美德，深深植根于中国人的思想和行为中，是人们普遍遵守的行为规范和社会
准则。在当今的中国，这种美德得到广泛传承。社会各界积极营造敬老助老的社会氛围。为老年人提供便
利服务已成为社会共识，例如社区专门开设长者食堂，公共场所配置优先座位。政府还出台了一系列政策，
为老年人的权益提供有力保障。尊老是社会和谐与发展的重要基石，有助于培育良好的社会氛围，推动整
个社会文明进步。